---
title: "Beyond Merges with MyDailyChoice | Jeremy Reynolds"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/OxDwBAoJ4gQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "OxDwBAoJ4gQ"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Beyond","Merges","MyDailyChoice"]
date: "2021-12-05T08:21:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-16T21:17:49Z"
duration: "PT1H4M5S"
viewcount: "1712"
likeCount: "25"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Jeremy & Karen Reynolds"
---
{% raw %}My wife Karen and I have been with many of you on this Healthy Chocolate journey for more than 16 years. When we purchased Healthy Chocolate 4 years ago and started Well Beyond, it was our goal to protect and expand the Healthy Chocolate brand. Our mission to Be Well, Do Good and Have More was alive and well until it wasn’t.<br /><br />The world changed, we all changed...especially this past year and a half. Uncertainty, dis-ease, the pandemic, and travel restrictions have affected us all. It affected our business. It affected our family, our finances, our freedoms as I know it affected you and yours. As we pondered on our journey and how to best protect the business opportunity and the brand we love, we needed to find a way to continue to make it available for years to come, we realized we needed help.<br /><br />We began searching for a way to continue our legacy without the burdens of operating a business during these tough times. We wanted to find a company we could merge into that would not only support our mission and values but a company our members would be proud to call home. We found that with a company called MyDailyChoice.<br /><br />After much thought and consideration for our Members, we have decided to merge our business into MyDailyChoice, one of the fastest growing, debt-free companies in the industry.<br /><br />With this new partnership, Well Beyond Members can continue purchasing Well Beyond products and earning their regular commissions while simultaneously building an MDC business. Healthy Chocolate, CoinZoom, Xe TRM, and all the things you love about Beyond will be combining with everything that is MyDailyChoice.<br /><br />Why is this exciting for us?<br />This partnership will protect Healthy Chocolate, open doors to new opportunities, and is the perfect home for us. Now we’ll have access to new products, cutting-edge tools, and huge value for our Members and Customers.<br /><br />MDC has a house of brands in a variety of emerging industries which Members can purchase and market globally.<br />Daily Sprays: Oral Nutritional Sprays<br />HempWorx: #1 Top-Selling CBD Products<br />Mantra: Premium Essential Oils<br />Hemp Momma: Sustainable Clothing from Mother Earth Akashx: Forex and Crypto Education<br />High Life Travel: Worldwide Travel Savings and Discounts<br /><br />In addition to having new products to enjoy and market, we will have access to an unmatched marketing system featuring pre-designed capture page funnels in multiple languages, video<br />presentations, contact management systems, a mobile app, and more. MyDailyChoice has been known for having the best tools in the industry, and they give it all away 100% free to Affiliates.<br /><br />How do you get started?<br /><br />We have created a free Affiliate account for you so you can begin trying the MDC products, and start to engage your organization. By November 1st, Beyond will be fully merged and integrated into MyDailyChoice, but you can get a jump start on building your business now.<br />1. Visit www.mydailychoice.com/login<br />2. Use your Well Beyond username and password 3. Have fun shopping and spread the word!<br />To learn more about this new partnership with MyDailyChoice, tune in to the launch call with myself and CEO Josh Zwagil: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/OxDwBAoJ4gQ">https://youtu.be/OxDwBAoJ4gQ</a><br /><br />The timing for you to get started in this next chapter is perfect, and we look forward to a prosperous future together....the best is yet to come!<br /><br />Warm Regards, <br /><br />Jeremy Reynolds <br />Well Beyond CEO{% endraw %}
