---
title: "YT85 Who Was Jesus's Father? Was His birth Miraculous? Was Mary's pregnancy Immaculate Conception?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/D_gMrgb_v-8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "D_gMrgb_v-8"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Quran","Quran interpretation","Quran Tafseer"]
date: "2021-12-19T17:32:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-18T20:38:34Z"
duration: "PT2H35M32S"
viewcount: "6822"
likeCount: "303"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Marvelous Quran"
---
{% raw %}We continue with the series on 3issa, Son of Maryam (or Jesus, Son of Mary). In this series we explore the true story of 3issa, Maryam, Yahya, and Zakariya. We learn so many new discoveries that have been kept from us for 1400 years. We apply the organic Quranic methodology to verify that the details of this wonderful story are valid and consistent in the Quran.<br /><br />This segment is Part 3 of the series:<br />“3issa, Son of Maryam”<br />How to apply the methodology to engage the Dhikr (stories and parables) of the Qoran/Koran.<br /><br />In This Segment:<br />1. Traditional Story of Ɛīssā (Highlights)<br />2. Reminder: QurꜤānic Principles for Engaging the Dhikr <br />3. Why Did Allahh order Maryam to name him Ɛīssā ibn Maryam? Why was the identity of his father hidden?<br />4. Why was Yahya described as حَصُوراً “Ḥaṣṣooran”?<br />5. 3īssā’s Account – From Sūrah 3 and from Sūrah 19<br />6. A comforting reassurance from Allahh to those who understand the QurꜤānic story of Ɛīssā<br />7. 10 Irrefutable QurꜤānic Proofs against the Virgin Conception Claim, and against the traditionalist’s story of Ɛīssā<br />8. What is the similarity between ādam and Ɛīssā in Aya 3:59?<br />9. Does the special vocabulary used to describe Ɛīssā in the QurꜤān make Ɛīssā special in any way?<br />10. Why was Maryam surprised when told by the angels about her second pregnancy?<br />11. A very special gift at the end of this segment, available for subscribers at the website www.marvelousquran.org<br /><br /><br />Timestamps:<br />0:00 Intro<br />2:24 Important Points to Consider Before Proceeding<br />4:38 In This Segment<br />7:56 Traditionalist’s Story of Ɛīssā (Highlights)<br />14:32 Reminders From Prior Segments<br />19:20 The Abrahamic Locution Expression مَثَلٌ لِـ<br />33:41 Why Did Allahh Order Maryam to Name him Ɛīssā ibn Maryam?<br />44:49 Why was Yahya Described as حَصُوراً “Ḥaṣṣooran”?<br />51:21 Ɛīssā’s Account – From Sūrah Āl-Ɛimrān (Sūrah 3)<br />1:02:23 Ɛīssā’s Account – From Sūrah Maryam (Sūrah 19)<br />1:07:15 Stressing A Very Important Lesson From Aya 45 of Sūrah 3<br />1:17:01 10 Irrefutable QurꜤānic Proofs against the Virgin Conception Claim – 1 – The Zygote Law <br />1:28:36 2 – The 2 Parents Law<br />1:31:27 3 – The No Miraculous Pregnancy Law<br />1:39:28 4 – The Turāb Law<br />1:53:36 4 (cont.) – The Ɛīssā and ādam Similarity Claim<br />1:58:44 5 – The Recurrence of Ɛīssā and ādam Law<br />2:04:49 6 – The Family of Zakariya Law<br />2:07:47 7 – Zakariya Supplicated for Progeny, NOT just one son!<br />2:09:30 8 – The Whole Story in Sūrah Āl-Ɛimrān is about Progeny, not just one son!<br />2:10:35 9 – Breathing into Maryam is Not Unique to her!<br />2:14:15 10 – A ‘Rooḥ’ from Allahh to Maryam is Not Unique to her!<br />2:25:46 Narration about Ɛīssā Referring to Yahya as “Brother”<br />2:27:22 Maps of Related Ayats in Sūrahs 3 &amp; 19<br />2:29:01 Answering Some Important Questions<br />2:33:43 Some Questions for Future Segment<br />2:34:41 Outro<br /><br />To receive a pdf copy of the notes file for this segment, please subscribe to our Marvelous Quran Project website at<br />www.marvelousquran.org<br /><br />To watch the video titled &quot;Intro to the story of adam&quot; Please visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/5zBd4-s_PyI">https://youtu.be/5zBd4-s_PyI</a><br />To watch the video titled &quot;I am adam! Are you too?&quot; Please visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/eGS8COmntl4">https://youtu.be/eGS8COmntl4</a><br /><br />To learn more about the organic Quranic methodology that we use, watch the playlist on Methodology on the channel page on Youtube<br /><br />On this channel, we do NOT teach the (corrupted) Bible! We only teach the QurꜤan, using the Quranic methodology to extract knowledge from the Quran, exclusively!<br /><br />We rely on the organic Quranic methodology, on the Abrahamic locution, and on the nested interpretation techniques to uncover the meanings and indications of the Quran verses.<br /><br />The conclusion: When the Quran Tafseer scholars decided to bring their stories form corrupted versions of the earlier scriptures, they misled the Muslims from engaging the Quran in the way that Allahh had instructed us to do.<br /><br />Why are we presenting these topics on this channel? <br />1. Our primary mission on this channel is to teach this divine 3ilm (of the organic Quranic methodology + the Abrahamic locution) after it has been undocumented for 14 centuries<br />2. Please resist the urge of learning JUST for the sake of curiosity<br />3. The ultimate goal of learning this 3ilm is to teach you Shukoor (practicing proper communication with Allahh)<br />4. This channel is NOT to AFFIRM what you were taught, but to apply the methodology to seek the truth about the Quran. Learn how to empty your cup before you can receive a fresh refill!<br /><br />Instagram @Marvelous.Quran<br />Facebook Marvelous Quran<br />Website www.marvelousquran.org<br /><br />You may contact us via email  MarvelousQuran@gmail.com<br /><br />Quran Translation and Commentary by Dr. Hany Atchan{% endraw %}
