---
title: "Alanis Morrissette - You Ought To Know   REACTION"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/N09WQJpVxpc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "N09WQJpVxpc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Alanis Morrissette - You Ought To Know REACTION"]
date: "2021-12-08T20:01:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-25T21:31:53Z"
duration: "PT8M48S"
viewcount: "177524"
likeCount: "9585"
dislikeCount: "84"
channel: "Rob Squad Reactions"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to Rob Squad Reactions This is a music reaction channel. My passion is being a content creator, and providing my audience with unique, funny, and  never before seen reaction videos. I have come to grow a love for all types of music from my beloved rap to heavy metal and I want to share that love with all of you. Being a content creator is my passion and it  brings me so much joy and being able to share my passion and  joy with all of you and grow as a community is an amazing feeling. In addition to reacting to all different types of music, I am also a a husband to my amazing wife Amber and a dad to 3 amazing kids Bria, Kiya and Luca. I am here to try and make a change in this world starting with something that brings us all together MUSIC!! <br /><br />You are LOVED, you are APPRECIATED, you are BLESSED!!! <br /><br />Love Jay and the Rob Squad <br />╔═╦╗╔╦╗╔═╦═╦╦╦╦╗╔═╗<br />║╚╣║║║╚╣╚╣╔╣╔╣║╚╣═╣ <br />╠╗║╚╝║║╠╗║╚╣║║║║║═╣<br />╚═╩══╩═╩═╩═╩╝╚╩═╩═╝<br />If you enjoy this video and my reactions make sure you subscribe to the channel, like the video and comment down below which video you would like to see me react to next. <br /><br /><br />MY Family Channel (The Rob Squad): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOGJmYUQvKN9j1oCPin0yPA">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOGJmYUQvKN9j1oCPin0yPA</a><br /><br />2021 Goals<br />1.100K Subscribers<br />2. Be On a radio/ Talk show as a guest<br />3. Upload 1000 videos<br /><br />This is a reaction video used to educated and give my feedback on the song and artist<br /><br />||COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER –<br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/mo​...">https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/mo​...</a><br />UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976, ALLOWANCE IS MADE FOR &quot;FAIR USE&quot; FOR PURPOSES SUCH AS CRITICISM, COMMENT, NEWS REPORTING, TEACHING, SCHOLARSHIP, AND RESEARCH. FAIR USE IS A USE PERMITTED BY COPYRIGHT STATUTE THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE BE INFRINGING. NON-PROFIT, EDUCATIONAL OR PERSONAL USE TIPS THE BALANCE IN FAVOR OF FAIR USE.<br /><br />||DISCLAIMER<br />ALL VIDEOS ARE FOR ENTERTAINMENT/ NEWS PURPOSES PROTECTED BY FAIR ACT **FAIR USE** COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976, ALLOWANCE IS MADE FOR “FAIR USE” FOR PURPOSES SUCH AS CRITICISM, COMMENT, NEWS REPORTING, TEACHING, SCHOLARSHIP, EDUCATION AND RESEARCH. FAIR USE IS A USE PERMITTED BY COPYRIGHT STATUTE THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE BE INFRINGING. NON-PROFIT, EDUCATIONAL OR PERSONAL USE TIPS THE BALANCE IN FAVOR OF FAIR USE.<br /><br />License<br />Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed)<br /><br />*Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. No copyright infringement intended. ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS*.{% endraw %}
