---
title: "Who Can ROUSE Us To Attain The TRUE GOAL Of Life?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/I_gaBDdlJ0A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "I_gaBDdlJ0A"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["Spirituality","God","Spiritual Practice"]
date: "2021-12-17T02:39:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-22T06:20:07Z"
duration: "PT11M14S"
viewcount: "41"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Spiritual Masters"
---
{% raw %}#Hinduism #SanatanDharma #Spirituality #Dharma #God #HinduRashtra<br /><br />Subscribe Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdO3GM4kFAFds56r08NsB9Q/?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdO3GM4kFAFds56r08NsB9Q/?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />Teachings of Gondavalekar Maharaj (Brahmachaitanya Ramdasi) - Saints Rouse Us To The True Goal Of Life | Saintly Association Eliminates Lure Of Money | Benefit From Association With A Saint | Saints Remind Us That We Belong To God | Saints See Divinity Even In Worldly Things<br /><br />Saints Rouse us to the True Goal of Life<br /><br />That the company of a sensuous person is more pernicious than that of sensuous pleasures themselves, holds in regard to the spiritual path just as well as in worldly life. Association always affects the mind; therefore we should try to live in the company of the holy. Our conscience does guide us in picking the good from the bad, but the trouble is that we seek to reform others and not ourselves.<br /><br />Many people just do not feel it possible that Saints can exist in the world. We cannot make out a Saint unless we ourselves believe in and have regard for God. We have forgotten the true goal of our life; the Saints rouse us to it. Seeing us following the wrong path, they caution and guide us; we should then turn about, retrace our steps, and follow the correct path; we can rest assured that we shall then reach our destination.<br /><br />The Saints do not rest inactively after they attain liberation; they continue to act for the welfare of the world, while their own mind remains unimpaired. Even when they appear to be inactive, their mere presence makes for the good of the world. Since they have attained beatitude it behoves us to act as they advise us. In advising people their sole object is to see that mankind may come to know the truth they have themselves seen, and thereby become happy.<br /><br />How can we doubt the verity of their advice when they have no ulterior selfish motive to serve? When we realise that worldly life is full of misery, we must strive to find a remedy. That remedy we can discover in the teachings of Saints, and we should put into practice what they have advised.<br /><br />One on whom the Saint bestows his grace will very easily and correctly grasp the gist of the book even though he may not be learned. A learned man will describe the Ultimate Truth, exercising his imagination; whereas the Saints describe it with certainty, as a matter of first-hand experience. When reading a book by a Saint, we should bear in mind that we have to bring it into our practice.<br /><br />* * * * *<br /> <br />Saintly Association Eliminates Lure of Money<br /><br />Saints, having attained omnipotence, have tremendous power of all kinds; for instance, whatever they say will come out true. This is called Wachasiddhi, and we, too, may acquire it. To make use of it, however, will be foolish, like serving God for a meager mundane remuneration. Imagine a person owning the wish-granting cow (Kamadhenu) exchanging her for a pony because he would not load the divine cow! Where is the sense in propitiating the Almighty for the sake of paltry, transitory things?<br /><br />Even the hard-earned heaven and its pleasures are not permanent; then why strive for them at all? Just see how much attachment a man feels for even a lifeless thing like money! It is like the ghost in the fable which agreed to slave for a man on condition that it be kept constantly employed, but if given respite it would devour him. Similarly, money can be very usefully employed; but if not, it becomes a crushing, consuming burden.<br /><br />There is nothing wrong in saving money; but it should not be taken as our mainstay, for that would make us lose sight of God, who is our real sheet anchor. Spirituality does not suggest that we should give away all we have; but if, say, there is a theft or robbery or other loss of money, we should not shed tears over it, nor should we turn away a needy person; we should not hesitate to help him to whatever extent we can.<br /><br />It is true that we must save sufficient money for a rainy day; but how much is ‘sufficient’? We cannot name a definite sum in this respect. If one has a pension sufficient for the needs of the family, that could be termed ‘enough’. For a non-pensioner, there should be enough to enable the family to live decently for about a score of years. One does not need very much money to be ‘rich’; if we have enough money to fulfill our needs, are we not rich?<br /><br />Of course, we should spare no effort to earn money by moral means; but beyond that, we should let things take their own course. Our true welfare lies in keeping company with the Saintly. Association with them generates lofty thoughts and noble feelings. To live among.....<br /><br /><br />Video Background:<br /><br />Purple Classic Galaxy -60-00 Minutes Space Wallpaper- Longest FREE Motion Background HD 4K 60fps<br /><br />Music:<br /><br />The Blue Pearl - Jesse Gallagher<br />Kevin MacLeod _ Infinite Perspective (online-audio-converter.com)<br /><br />Source:<br /><br />Taken from the book: 'Discourses by Shri Saduguru Brahmachaitanya Maharaj (Gondavalekar)<br />Original Compilation: G.S. Gokhale<br />Foreword: Prof. K.V. Belsare{% endraw %}
