---
title: "Grocery Shopping Song  | The Kiboomers  | Kids Songs | Grocery Store | Supermarket | Preschool Songs"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2PFnYMbfJqw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2PFnYMbfJqw"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["food songs for kids","grocery store song","kid songs"]
date: "2021-11-16T10:19:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-05T14:00:01Z"
duration: "PT3M22S"
viewcount: "60219"
likeCount: "155"
dislikeCount: "17"
channel: "The Kiboomers - Kids Music Channel"
---
{% raw %}The Kiboomers!  It's the Grocery Shopping song for preschoolers! Grocery songs are a fun way to teach children about the food groups and eating healthy.  Great for pretend play too. Enjoy!<br /><br />Grocery Shopping song lyrics for kids :<br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br /><br />What shall we buy?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Oh, look at all those vegetables!<br />(Oooh!! What kind of vegetable is this?)<br /><br />It's green all over<br />(It's green all over)<br />It looks like a little tree<br />(It looks like a little tree)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's broccoli! <br />(And it's on my list!)<br /><br />Great! Let's put some in our cart!<br />Together: One, Two, Three, Four!<br /><br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br />What shall we buy?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Oh, look at all the fruit!<br />(Oooh!! What kind of fruit is this?)<br /><br />Hmm, it's yellow all over<br />(it's yellow all over)<br />It's long and skinny<br />(It's long and skinny)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's a banana!<br />(And it's on my list!)<br /><br />Great! Let's put some in our cart!<br />Together: One, Two, Three, Four!<br /><br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br />What shall we buy?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Oh, look at all the meat!<br />(Oooh!! What kind of meat is this?)<br /><br />Hmm, it's red all over<br />(it's red all over)<br />It's kind of squishy<br />(It's kind of squishy)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's hamburger meat!<br />(And it's on my list!)<br /><br />Great! Let's put some in our cart!<br />Together: One, Two, Three, Four!<br /><br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br />What shall we buy?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Now we're in the dairy section!<br />(Oooh!! What's this?)<br /><br />Hmm, it's white all over<br />(it's white all over)<br />It's shaped like a rectangle<br />(It's shaped like a rectangle)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's cheese!<br />(And it's on my list!)<br /><br />Let's put some in our cart!<br />Together: One, Two, Three, Four!<br /><br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br />What shall we buy next?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Now we're in the bakery section!<br />(Oooh!! What's this?)<br /><br />Hmm, it's brown all over<br />(it's brown all over)<br />It smells so good<br />(I love that smell)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's bread!<br />(And it's on my list!)<br /><br />Great! Let's put some in our cart!<br />Together: One, Two, Three, Four!<br /><br /><br />We're shopping in the grocery store<br />(We're shopping in the grocery store)<br />I've got my shopping cart<br />(I've got my shopping cart)<br />What shall we buy next?<br />(I've got my shopping list!)<br /><br />Oh, look at all the people in the line!<br />(Oooh!! What's that beeping sound?)<br /><br />It's got lots of buttons<br />(It's got lots of buttons)<br />It's got a little TV screen<br />(It's got a little TV screen)<br /><br />I know what it is!<br />(What?)<br />It's a cash register and now we have to pay! <br />(Do you have any money?)<br />I thought you were paying!<br />(I thought YOU were paying!!)<br />Are we going to have put everything back?!?<br />(Oh, dear!!)<br /><br />Together: I know! Let's let Mom pay!<br /><br />Wa-wa-wa-wa!!{% endraw %}
