---
title: "Why We're Programmed To Misunderstand Our Own Death\/Disability, And How To Best Insure Yourself"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TR18clbArvQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TR18clbArvQ"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["JustinHarvey","AnesthesiaSuccess","ASRA"]
date: "2021-11-12T18:07:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-26T16:00:21Z"
duration: "PT19M8S"
viewcount: "15"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Justin Harvey"
---
{% raw %}The work of Nassim Taleb expresses part of the reason that we are bad at understanding how probabilities relate to real life, especially when it relates to some adverse event in our own lives.  This episode explores how probabilities are &quot;hiding in plain sight&quot; and how robust insurance is a luxury in which physicians should partake in order to neutralize the impact of a low-probability, high-magnitude negative event.<br /><br />Financial planning questions? Set up an intro call ==<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://calendly.com/apm-wealth">https://calendly.com/apm-wealth</a><br />&amp; My FREE guide ==<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://anesthesiasuccess.com/resources/">https://anesthesiasuccess.com/resources/</a><br /> <br /><br />The goal of Anesthesia Success is to equip anesthesiologists and pain management physicians to make great career and financial decisions.<br /> <br /><br /><br />👇Subscribe To My Channel By Clicking Below!👇 <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf-o...">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf-o...</a> <br /> <br /><br /><br />My wife Sarah and I live in Philadelphia, PA, and she is an anesthesiology resident at University of Pennsylvania. We have walked the path of establishing a financial foundation as a couple (it’s an ongoing process!), and this experience has shown me how valuable good planning can be for anesthesia residents and attending physicians. I’m dedicating my practice to serving individuals and families just like us.<br /><br />I spent my first few years in the industry witnessing firsthand how the power of specialization can be leveraged into significant earnings power in my work with corporate executives and entrepreneurs. The experience I gained there allowed me to see this powerful principle in action: the methods used to earn a significant income, and the methods used to keep and grow that income and transform it over time into meaningful wealth, are two distinct strategies. Specialization can turbocharge expected earnings, but income stream and asset base diversification is a more effective way to retain and grow those earnings. At APM Wealth, I take these principles and turn them into strategies that I enact on behalf of my clients to help them achieve their financial goals.<br /><br />These days, I spend much of my time learning, writing, and reading about the practice of anesthesia and pain in its various subspecialties, settings, compensation models and business formats, and I work hard to understand the implications of these practices in the lives of my clients so that I can provide unparalleled financial planning advice that is savvy to the unique dynamics of the vocation which my clients pursue.<br /><br />When I’m not helping my clients, you might find me enjoying some of Philly’s finest pizza with Sarah (I recommend Santucci’s), going for a run, playing the guitar, or taking some out-of-town friends/family on a tour to see the Liberty Bell and pose on top of the “Rocky Steps”. Although I’m from Pittsburgh originally, over the last eleven-plus years I’ve grown to love the city of Philadelphia, and all of its character(s). A graduate from Villanova’s school of business, I have continued my commitment to ongoing education and development in my field. My credentials include the following: <br /><br />CFPⓇ <br />ChFCⓇ <br />RICPⓇ <br />B.S. Finance and Business Honors, Villanova University Cum Laude Graduate / Presidential Scholar, Villanova University Adjunct Professor of Finance, Villanova University <br /><br />============================================ <br /><br />CONNECT WITH JUSTIN ON SOCIAL MEDIA <br /><br />YouTube: shorturl.at/atx19 <br /><br />LinkedIn: shorturl.at/rsFN3 <br /><br />Podcast: shorturl.at/HKW48 <br /><br />iTunes: shorturl.at/efn07 <br /><br />Spotify: shorturl.at/muzHP <br /><br />Stitcher: shorturl.at/EGM48 <br /><br />Google Play: shorturl.at/iOQT5 <br /><br />#JustinHarvey <br />#AnesthesiaSuccess <br />#ASRA <br />#ASA <br />#ASIPP <br />#academicmedicine <br />#painmanagement<br />#privatepractice <br />#anesthesiology <br />#physicianfinance <br />#healthcare <br />#anesthesia <br />#physiciancareers <br />#painmedicine <br />#APMWealth <br /><br />============================================ <br /><br />Learn More: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://anesthesiasuccess.com/about/">https://anesthesiasuccess.com/about/</a>{% endraw %}
