---
title: "BAYA - Uncontrolled"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gUWoq_sBaQY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gUWoq_sBaQY"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Uncontrolled"]
date: "2021-10-05T17:49:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-29T20:00:01Z"
duration: "PT2M41S"
viewcount: "37425"
likeCount: "1103"
dislikeCount: "7"
channel: "Baya"
---
{% raw %}BAYA - Uncontrolled <br /><br />This track was recorded before the quarantine.<br />Written since November 2019. I got special love for it because of different reasons ; He was there when I recorded it. Also, it was my first time getting out of my comfort zone to point a finger on those who got me out of it. From my experience of being in a bad company. Struggling with the fact that my time is wasted instead of being enjoyed. It really effected me but thank god I'm standing again, always. That's why it's called &quot;uncontrolled&quot;. I completely lost control on my &quot;other side&quot; and my main &quot;style&quot; while writing it. However, I like to share it with everyone who feel like they could use the song to express themselves in certain situations. Meanwhile, I wish no one really needs to. Just enjoy me being a baddie. War and love. <br /><br />Mix/mas : KAZEED<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/kazeeddouiri?igshid=uj69a3zcjg9n">https://instagram.com/kazeeddouiri?igshid=uj69a3zcjg9n</a><br /><br />Artwork : azyz smida<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/azyzsmida?igshid=oynejq5jzre1">https://instagram.com/azyzsmida?igshid=oynejq5jzre1</a><br /><br />Find me on :<br />Instagram : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/bayaaa.s/?hl=en">https://www.instagram.com/bayaaa.s/?hl=en</a><br /><br />Lyrics : <br /><br />Said you got the balls<br />But u couldn't even try<br />When it's time for you to spit it out<br />That's when u chose to hide yeah<br />got myself outta that shit without any goodbyes<br />Respect and love are 2 things till death u could not buy, no<br /><br />Thought I was a damn jerk <br />U thought that I was blind <br />No one could ever fool me <br />I was just closing my eyes <br />U bunch of suckers turned into bros <br />Scars made you so damn cold <br />How can I ignore the flaws<br />When all you do is showing more yeah <br />Oh I see u get down with hoes<br />While letting ladies down <br />Yeah u sending em' home <br />And Who said I needed time tho ? <br />I know I'm so damn fine yo<br />I knew it from the 1rst sight <br />U won't leave a bitch feel bright <br />Learning is the best gift that could be given<br />It's all about u if u cherish the meaning of living<br />Don't come into my life <br />If u gon' start with faking <br />u'll simply become foes<br />The risk of losing y'all I'm taking <br /><br />Deprive me from all what I have <br />I still got that clear soul <br />Pure mirror <br />don't look at it u won't see urself no <br />u'll destroy the glass<br />kill the class <br />And leave a damn hole <br />It's not for you to fix it<br />I clean my own fault<br />Or leave it I don't mind <br />Believe me I'm wicked and tight <br />To learn a lesson there's no need to sleep outside at night <br />Better be careful even tho I ain't from the hood <br />Amy wasn't wrong bitch u know I'm no good{% endraw %}
