---
title: "How to make a Tapered Bezel Setting - Estona Metalsmithing & Jewelry Making Tutorials"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7PuRfXdj9Hk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7PuRfXdj9Hk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["estona","metalsmithing","tutorials"]
date: "2021-10-16T05:33:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-14T17:30:01Z"
duration: "PT25M29S"
viewcount: "2588"
likeCount: "246"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Estona Metalsmithing & Jewelry Making Tutorials"
---
{% raw %}And again, I enjoyed making this piece of jewelry. I McGyvered my way through this tutorial by just playing around a bit. And for me that is the beauty of metalsmithing. Thinking about how you could make something and just trying to figure it out as you go along. And the endresult is beautiful so another mission acomplished. <br /><br />I hope I can inspire you to try and make jewelry like this yourself. There will be moments of failure, but eventually, if you don't give up, they will lead to succes. Or maybe you can skip the failure part alltogether. So just get out there, give it a go and enjoy! Don't have the right tools? Check out my affiliate links below.<br /><br />In this tutorial I am showing you how you can make a tapered or cone shaped setting for a rosecut salt and pepper diamond. I am using a collet block to do so and am trying a new soldering technique which I would love to share with you. <br /><br />I hope you will enjoy watching this tutorial and that you will try to make  something like this yourself. If you do, it would be awesome if you would share a picture of your work through info@estona.nl or if you tag me on social media. <br /><br />Furthermore I would like to point out that all my videos are and will remain free. In return, it would be awesome if you could take the time to share my channel on your socials. That's all. I think it's a privilege to create a community of people doing what I love most. So thank you so much for your support, it means the world to me. <br /><br /><br />Have a wonderful day,  <br />Bregje<br /><br /><br /><br />Durston Tools:<br />Go to www.durston.com/estona AND use the discount code estona10 to receive a whopping 10% discount on your order at durston tools. They provide all kinds of tools and jewellers furniture. <br /><br />Herens &amp; Herens:<br />If you are from Europe, check out Herens&amp;Herens. Their website is www.herens.nl. If you place your order there and add the code estona5 in the comment section while checking out, you will receive a 5% discount on all of their tools including the metalsmithing course starter packages.<br /><br />Gesswein:<br />And finally, there is Gesswein. A family business based in America, but they do ship worldwide. A wonderful company with people eager to help. So if you are looking for a starter package or you want to add other tools to your collection, take a look at www.gesswein.com. By using the discount code EST21 you will receive a 5% discount on almost all of their tools. <br /><br />By using these affilate links buying tools is a lot of fun for the both of us! You will receive a nice discount and I will receive a small bonus from the company mentioned. I will only work with companies I trust, have talked to face to face, and who provide quality tools.{% endraw %}
