---
title: "Elon Musk Accepted Shiba Inu Coin and price will hit $1.0 soon!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3dJfE_Vjh74\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3dJfE_Vjh74"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["shiba inu","shiba inu coin","shiba inu token"]
date: "2021-10-09T14:42:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-08T12:17:15Z"
duration: "PT8M10S"
viewcount: "33465"
likeCount: "800"
dislikeCount: "57"
channel: "Crypto Investing"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk Accepted Shiba Inu Coin and price will hit $1.0 soon!!<br />Sign up To get 20% on Binance: ✅<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=MSKWIITG">https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=MSKWIITG</a><br />🔴Youtube Recommended Videos================================<br />1. Amazon To Accept Shiba Inu: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/uzYmM5DgZ30">https://youtu.be/uzYmM5DgZ30</a><br />2. Shiba Inu Burn Plan: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/A69jGmOgr1Y">https://youtu.be/A69jGmOgr1Y</a><br />3. Robert Kiyosaki on Shiba Inu: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/cAWjiJxaP9o">https://youtu.be/cAWjiJxaP9o</a><br /><br />If you’re up to date on the current market trends on the cryptocurrency world, then surely, you cannot have possibly missed the recent boom of the meme-based crypto tokens. <br />One of those lovable tokens is the smash hit, Shiba Inu Coin that snared the market when it first emerged in 2020, branding itself as the Dogecoin killer. With the recent development progress on the Shiba Inu coin and some significant boosting from some big names, Shiba Inu Coin might just see itself become the king of meme and dog-inspired crypto tokens.<br />Aside from this, a bulk of Shiba Inu Coin’s popularity and trust among investors is mainly owed to its avid fanbase that tirelessly promote and talk about the beloved coin. The fans of the token often take to Twitter to promote and talk about the currency, in hopes of increasing market demand for it. <br />The crypto coin has experienced some great spikes in activity over the last couple of weeks on Twitter, mainly owed to a wide variety of factors beyond just fan promotion. <br />Most recently, Shiba Inu experienced a big boom over the last 2 days, with the #SHIB hashtag trending several times on Twitter’s Top 10 on October 4. This sudden rise in talk about Shiba Inu Coin has seen the trading volume of the crypto token rise up by TRIPLE digits that day, even standing at $2.8 billion during the time it was going rounds on Twitter.<br />As of October 6th, the trading volume over the last 24 hours alone is up by 87.45% and now stands at $9.8 BILLION. <br />All of that because of very specific tweet.<br />On the morning of October 4, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk posted a picture – not just any picture – it was an adorable picture of his new dog, a Shiba Inu enjoying in the sun while hanging out in a Tesla car. He captioned the photo “Floki Frunkpuppy.”<br />People were crazy about the photo, not just because of how cute the dog looks, but also because of what it could mean for the dog-themed crypto market. The usual rumors circulated once again once the photo was posted: Will Tesla accept dog-themed crypto coins as payment? <br />As expected, SHIB trended on Twitter alongside this photo. The price of the coin shot straight up after weeks of seeing a steady upward trend. In fact, the price of the Shiba Inu Coin quite literally deleted a zero, <br /><br />**Channel keywords: shiba inu coin,shiba inu coin prediction,shiba inu coin how to buy,how to buy shiba inu coin,shiba inu coin price prediction,shiba inu coin prediction today,shiba inu token,shiba inu price prediction,shiba inu crypto,shiba inu,shiba coin,shiba price prediction,shiba swap,shib price prediction,shiba,how to buy shiba inu,shiba inu analysis,shib,shib crypto,shiba inu coin news today,shiba crypto,shiba inu coin how to buy binance,shib cryptocurrency,shibaswap,shib coin,shiba cryptocurrency,shiba inu news,shiba token,how to buy shib,shiba inu token price prediction,shiba coin price prediction,how to buy shiba coin,shibainu,shibatoken,buy shiba inu coin,shiba inu coin burn,shib coin price prediction,shiba inu moon,shiba inu coin live,shib recovery,best crypto to buy today,shiba inu coin price,crypto,crypto news,shiba inu prediction,how to buy shiba,shib news today,shiba inu coin news,cryptocurrency,elon musk,shib news,shiba inu live,shiba inu price prediction 2021,binance,dogecoin,latest shiba inu coin news,should i buy shiba inu coin,shiba inu coin crypto,shiba inu coin update,shiba inu coinbase,shiba inu coin 1 cent,cryptocurrency news,shiba buy,shib analysis,shiba ibu token,buy shiba inu,shiba ibu crypto,shiba coin live,xrp,how to buy shiba ibu,shiba alt coin,shib crypto price prediction,shiba inu binance,shiba inu 1 cent,shiba price predictions 2021,shiba swap news,shiba inu next pump,latest shiba coin news,shiba coin to the moon,latest shiba inu news,business guru india,shiba inu latest update,shiba inu 1 dollar,shib token price prediction,shiba inu price,shiba inu update,shiba inu buy,shiba coin news,robinhood shiba inu<br />**DISCLAIMER**********************************************************<br />I am not a licensed financial advisor. All videos on this channel are intended for entertainment purposes only. Exercise your due diligence and scepticism before diving into all your hard-earned monies. Take experts' opinions into account but do not invest unless you are ready. This channel is in no way liable for any losses incurred.<br />💬Contact Email: cryptoinvestingyt01@gmail.com<br />#shibainucoin   #shibainu  #shiba{% endraw %}
