---
title: "An outstanding Grade II Listed detached residence, located on a 10-acre plot with far reaching views"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oBrsvcmhBtg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oBrsvcmhBtg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["outstanding","Grade","Listed"]
date: "2021-11-10T04:46:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-30T11:25:26Z"
duration: "PT1M9S"
viewcount: "1047"
likeCount: "12"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Bovingdons Real Estate"
---
{% raw %}An outstanding Grade II Listed residence, which has only been owned by five families, since its creation in the early 1800’s. This timeless property has been well-maintained over time and offers fantastic accommodation, benefitting of its era with further scope to extend and enlarge.<br /><br /><br />The reception hall offers access to all the principal rooms of the property. The highlight on the ground floor is undoubtedly the fantastic formal drawing room with superb ceiling height and a beautiful Victorian fireplace as well as views and access into the grounds. This is complemented by a formal dining room, again enjoying views<br />over paddock land; a large home office with built in furniture and access into the kitchen/breakfast/family room/ orangery, truly the hub of the home. The kitchen enjoys built in appliances, including an Aga, and large central island and provides access to a walk-in fridge, a large utility with the conservatory and large drawing room<br />adjoining. There is also access through to the lower ground floor, comprising a fantastic wine cellar and other storage. <br /><br />There is a separate gym with shower, accessed via a separate staircase.<br /><br /> There are nine bedrooms in total, over the first and second floor. The principal bedroom is outstanding, designed to enjoy far reaching views over the fantastic grounds, and enjoying excellent ceiling height whilst being serviced by an en suite bathroom. There are four further bedrooms on the first floor, all of which are serviced by two family bathrooms, the guest bedroom enjoying access to a dressing room and en suite bathroom. There are three further bedrooms on the second floor, all serviced by a family bathroom.<br /><br /><br /><br />Planning Opportunities, <br /><br />Accessed via its own separate entrance, there is a large area of stabling, which we believe could be<br />converted into a residential dwelling, subject to the usual planning consents.<br /><br /><br /><br />GARDENS AND GROUNDS<br /><br />The property has been designed around its outstanding 10-acre plot. There are three entrances to the property in total, and the main entrance provides parking for a number of vehicles and access through to the grounds. <br />The main garden is mainly laid to lawn with fantastic mature flower and shrub borders and mature trees and a large sun terrace, ideal for entertaining. There is access to an outdoor heated pool, with pool house adjoining, and also leads through to the tennis court which has been refurbished in recent years. The grounds also include extensive vegetable and fruit beds and orchard and is enclosed on all sides.<br /><br />Accessed individually as well as through the garden, a six-acre paddock, ideal for keeping animals such as horses, and this enjoys stabling and a large ménage, which has been resurfaced in recent years.<br /><br />Offers In Excess Of - £5,000,000<br />| hello@bovingdons.com | 01494 677733 |{% endraw %}
