---
title: "God Makes You Wait Because He is Preparing You For a Great Blessing!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WjmCd5cQcYc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WjmCd5cQcYc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Makes","Because","Preparing"]
date: "2021-11-28T17:31:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-28T13:00:25Z"
duration: "PT20M1S"
viewcount: "1380"
likeCount: "265"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Trailblazer"
---
{% raw %}Donation &amp; Support: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO">https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO</a><br /><br />God Makes You Wait Because He is Preparing You For. a Great Blessing!<br /><br />Waiting. That wonderful process brings a man close to being who God has pre-ordained that he will be. The same process that has made many and the same process that many through impatience miss out on its profits. Imagine that David had not waited to learn in the wilderness or that Esther had not waited on God before approaching the king. There are so many great feats that we can point out and probably try to reproduce in our present-day or times but, they are unachievable without the process of waiting.<br />Waiting is a process; it is not a sprint dash, neither is it a journey that you can tell with its end with accuracy and precision. The only constant thing usually is that you can tell that greatness and celebration come with it. At the same time, waiting is not something that occurs once in a man’s life nor does it happen in just one area of life. The fact that different facets of life have to play out the waiting process is the exact reason why it does not just happen once and for all to a man. You must be willing to go through the rigorous process that the tough hands of waiting take you through.<br />You might never be willing to go through it, but you must experience it. Whether early in life or later, you must experience waiting. Some people even compare waiting with the wilderness experience, that’s how important it is in the process of making a man a voice to be reckoned with. Waiting makes a man; waiting establishes and affirms a man’s mastery of a field and his ability to take that mountain of influence. There is no great man, absolutely no great man without the waiting process.<br />In your journey to recognition and significance, be conscious that the days of waiting will come. These are the days when you seem to be a shadow of what your dream is. Once and again, you might get weary in the days of waiting, you might look too far from the goal you set out to achieve, you might even regret your actions of setting out on this journey, but don’t back down on your plans, don’t give up on your dreams, don’t give up on your intention to reach significance and change many lives or shift paradigms, your dreams are valid, you just have to give yourself to the waiting process.<br />Waiting for the believer is not just a necessary process, it is the most important process in the making of a man. If a man will not learn to wait in the days when he is looking up to God for the establishment of his heart desires or he will not make the most of his plans. God’s ways are made the ways of man when the man has earnt to wait on God. We eventually receive alignment with the heart of God when we learn to wait on Him, that way, we are certain that the events that happen around our lives are orchestrated by God and that the result of our journey is what the heart of the Father had earlier planned for us.<br />God’s ways are not the ways of man so, we cannot expect that our lives will work out the way we want while we get the results that God will have for us. The scriptures in the writings of the Prophet Isaiah explains that the ways of God are as high as the heavens from the ways of a man. This infers that the way a man would think things should work out is not always the same way God plans to make things work out. The plans of man in making a thing work is not always God’s plan.<br />This then tells us that a man has to submit himself to God, he has to be humble enough to learn from God what His heart desires are before making a move. Before every single move, such a man must be attentive to listen to what God has to say, what leading God is giving, what directions He is pointing before the man makes any move. This whole part of the journey is where the waiting process comes in.<br />…but they who wait for the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings like eagles; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint.<br />Isaiah 40:31 (ESV)<br />The prophet at the end of the chapter was teaching the people about the good in waiting on God. He revealed from his texts that waiting is a necessity for the man who will make it to the end of this journey of faith. Waiting is just a process on the journey of becoming. If becoming who you are meant to be takes a while, then the period of waiting is the period in between who you are and who you are meant to be.<br />But we did not predestinate ourselves; we did not predetermine who we want to be by our vain thoughts.{% endraw %}
