---
title: "10 Newest Hyundai Cars and Versatile Vehicles Across All Body Styles in 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nSr3YELD29E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nSr3YELD29E"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["cars","Hyundai 2022","new Korean SUV"]
date: "2021-09-29T16:22:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-29T11:30:09Z"
duration: "PT13M31S"
viewcount: "316"
likeCount: "48"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Automotive Territory: Daily News"
---
{% raw %}The automotive landscape is not what it used to be and Hyundai is a poster child of this change. Korea’s major carmaker is making a strong push towards the market domination and makes a heck of a good job with an extremely versatile lineup of newcomers for the upcoming model year. It includes a budget friendly pickup, comfortable family vehicles, high performance autos and some of the market’s most promising electric cars. Hopefully you are intrigued with what Hyundai has to offer, so lets explore the entire list of their newcomers in this installment of #AutomotiveTerritoryDailyNews International Car Lineups of 2022.<br />Subscribe to the channel and let’s start the engines!<br /><br />Check out our 2022 playlist covering new and updated models from the world’s most famous automakers:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kFqzSUaZDc&amp;list=PLouyd8mRhOO4xFjXGL2xOceb-4ZMpZFv3&amp;t=0s">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kFqzSUaZDc&amp;list=PLouyd8mRhOO4xFjXGL2xOceb-4ZMpZFv3&amp;t=0s</a><br /><br />#1 2022 Hyundai Elantra N <br /><br />2022 Hyundai Elantra N offers potential buyers more performance than any other Elantra: it is motivated by a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 that produces 276 horsepower, 289 pound-feet of torque, and 155 mph speeds.<br /><br />#2 2022 Hyundai Santa Cruz <br /><br />2022 Hyundai Santa Cruz is the brand’s new unibody pickup that distinguishes itself with unique armor-like wheel arches, and either 18 or 20-inch alloys. <br /><br />#3 2022 Hyundai Ioniq 5<br /><br />Forget everything you knew about Hyundai’s old electric cars and especially their unimpressive Ioniq liftback. The Ioniq 5 boxy crossover is built on the all-new dedicated E-GMP platform, and becomes the first model of the Ioniq subbrand.<br /><br />#4 2022 Hyundai Kona N<br /><br />This Kona N is Hyundai’s very first performance SUV under the N performance subbrand. It offers a hot hatch experience in a ruggedized package. The model is based on the facelifted Kona from 2022.<br /><br />#5 2022 Hyundai Tucson PHEV <br /><br />In addition to new underpinnings and completely revamped styling, the 2022 Hyundai Tuscon brings a wider engine portfolio, that includes its first plug-in hybrid member.<br /><br />#6 2022 Hyundai Bayon<br /><br />Designed specifically for European market, the all-new Hyundai Bayon is a new B-segment crossover that occupies the entry-level slot in the brand’s lineup. Based on the modern ВСЗ platform, it has similar exterior design to the recently refreshed Kona.<br /><br />#7 2022 Hyundai Staria <br /><br />The 2022 Hyundai Staria replaces the aged Starex family, and promises new unusual future versions, like the luxury limo, a campervan or an ambulance.<br /><br />#8 2022 Hyundai Alkazar<br /><br />Manufactured at the company’s Chennai factory, the 2022 Hyundai Alkazar is basically an extended version of the Creta crossover, that plays in the compact SUV niche but seats 6 or 7 people.<br /><br />#9 2022 Hyundai Santa Fe PHEV <br /><br />For its 4th year on the market, the current generation mid-size SUV from Hyundai debuts as a plug-in hybrid model. In terms of design, Hyundai Santa Fe PHEV rocks the refreshed Santa Fe styling with a bold new grille, T-shaped DRLS, and a full-width taillight. On the drivetrain front, we see the same setup as in the smaller Tucson crossover.<br /><br />#10 2022 Hyundai i20 N <br /><br />For 2021, Hyundai completely revamped its i20 supermini hatch, transitioning it into the new, 3rd generation. The hatch adopts new underpinnings and Sensuous Sportiness exterior design, while for 2022, it also debuts in a high-performance i20 N guise.<br /><br />#11 Hyundai 2040 Hydrogen Range<br /><br />The Hyundai Hydrogen Vision 2040 goes beyond the usual semi trucks and includes sports cars, marine and air transport.{% endraw %}
