---
title: "Katherine Hayles - A Theory of the Total Archive"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LbA_M2F9j28\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LbA_M2F9j28"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["crassh","archive"]
date: "2021-11-12T18:27:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-03-31T09:17:21Z"
duration: "PT46M36S"
viewcount: "4402"
likeCount: "54"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "CRASSH Cambridge"
---
{% raw %}Katherine Hayles - A Theory of the Total Archive: Infinite Expansion, Infinite Compression, and Apparatuses of Control <br /><br />Keynote / Public Lecture from the conference The Total Archive <br /><br />Conference Summary <br /><br />Conveners <br /><br />Boris Jardine (University of Cambridge) <br />Matthew Drage (University of Cambridge, PhD candidate) <br />Ruth Horry (University of Cambridge) <br /><br />Summary <br /><br />The complete system of knowledge is a standard trope of science fiction, a techno-utopian dream and an aesthetic ideal. It is Solomon’s House, the Encyclopaedia and the Museum. It is also an ideology – of Enlightenment, High Modernism and absolute governance. <br /><br />Far from ending the dream of a total archive, twentieth-century positivist rationality brought it ever closer. From Paul Otlet’s Mundaneum to Mass-Observation, from the Unity of Science movement to Isaac Asimov’s Encyclopedia Galactica, from the Whole Earth Catalog to Wikipedia, the dream of universal knowledge dies hard. These projects triumphantly burst their own bounds, generating more archival material, more information, than can ever be processed. When it encounters well defined areas – the sportsfield or the model organism – the total archive tracks every movement of every player, of recording every gene and mutation. Increasingly this approach is inverted: databases are linked; quantities are demanded where only qualities existed before. The Human Genome Project is the most famous, but now there are countless databases demanding ever more varied input. Here the question of what is excluded becomes central. <br /><br />The total archive is a political tool. It encompasses population statistics, GDP, indices of the Standard of Living and the international ideology of UNESCO, the WHO, the free market and, most recently, Big Data. The information-gathering practices of statecraft are the total archive par excellence, carrying the potential to transfer power into the open fields of economics and law – or divest it into the hands of criminals, researchers and activists. <br /><br />Questions of the total archive engage key issues in the philosophy of classification, the poetics of the universal, the ideology of surveillance and the technologies of information retrieval. What are the social structures and political dynamics required to sustain total archives, and what are the temporalities implied by such projects? <br /><br />In order to confront the ideology and increasing reality of interconnected data-sets and communication technologies we need a robust conceptual framework – one that does not sacrifice historical nuance for the ability to speculate. This conference brings together scholars from a wide range of fields to discuss the aesthetics and political reality of the total archive.{% endraw %}
