---
title: "- 40° C ❄ Shock!  An incredible blizzard hit Russia! ⚠️ Snowy mountains buried Moscow!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QTcKKv1jN_g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QTcKKv1jN_g"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Wahr","russia snowstorm","vladivostok russia"]
date: "2021-12-24T07:32:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-24T02:16:35Z"
duration: "PT8M27S"
viewcount: "5375"
likeCount: "143"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Wahr"
---
{% raw %}- 40 ° C! ❄ An incredible blizzard hit Russia! ⚠️ Snowy mountains buried Moscow!<br />#snow #snowfall #russia<br />The consequences of the incessant snowfall are eliminated on the roads of the Chelyabinsk region. The snowfall that covered the Chelyabinsk region on Thursday night lasted until late evening, according to the press service of the Mindortrans of the region. Now the snowfall has covered the entire territory of the region. According to the forecast of the Chelyabhydrometeorological Center, the snow will stop at about 23:00 local time, the report says. In order to prevent a collapse on the roads, a patrol clearance is being carried out. About 200 pieces of equipment operate on regional roads. At night, the consequences of snowfall on highways will be eliminated by 150 road cars, the ministry added. In turn, the press service of the regional Main Directorate of the Ministry of Emergency Situations clarified that information about serious traffic jams and requests for help from motorists have not yet been received. Meanwhile, according to the Yandex traffic jams service, congestion on the roads of the regional center during rush hour reached ten points. 200 pieces of equipment and about 400 road workers are involved in the clearing of the roadway. Earlier it was reported that the Chelyabinsk airport was closed in the morning to clear the runway from snow and ice. Several flights are awaiting departure at the airport, and the arriving planes leave for landing in Yekaterinburg. The operational services of Sochi are liquidating the consequences of heavy snowfall in the mountain village of Krasnaya Polyana, Adler region. 20 mm of precipitation was recorded. On the roads in the mountain cluster, 24 units of snow removal equipment are involved, &quot;the press service of the Sochi administration reports. The traffic, including public transport, is carried out in a regular mode. The police strongly recommend that drivers move in the mountain cluster exclusively on winter tires and follow traffic rules A storm warning is in effect in Sochi until the end of the day on December 25. Precipitation is expected, tornadoes will form over the sea, and dangerous snow sticking on trees and wires. In Ufa, in three days, a 40% snow rate fell, all services are in full readiness, 300 flights were made to remove snow per day. This was announced by the head of the administration Sergei Grekov at an operational meeting in the mayor's office on December 23. We were able to remove the central streets and sidewalks, but it will take two days to completely remove the snow from the courtyards and secondary streets. The head of the administration appealed to the drivers with a request to minimize travel by personal transport. This makes it difficult to clean up the city. We remove the snow, first pressing it to the sidewalks, narrowing the lanes, and traffic jams are formed. We closed the movement of trucks until 21.00 in the evening, we hope that this will simplify the cleaning of the city, - said Grekov. Difficulties of movement of 9 points are observed in the morning of December 23 in Ufa. According to the Yandex traffic jams service, road accidents occurred on several streets. Chukotka is experiencing a severe blizzard. Anadyr airport has suspended work, some flights have been delayed for a week. Because of the strong wind, the gusts of which reach 30 meters per second, classes in schools have been canceled. The roads are covered with snow, ice and almost zero visibility. And in the north-west of Russia, the consequences of freezing rain are being eliminated, because of which residents of about two hundred settlements in the Novgorod, Tver, Pskov and Vologda regions were left without electricity. <br /><br />Wahr,russia snowstorm,vladivostok russia,blizzard in russia,russia snow storm,метель,natural disasters,climate change,嵐,disaster,news,global warming,nature,disasters 2021,2021,live news,top 5,extreme weather 2021,снег в россии,сильный ветер в россии,ветер срывает крышу,ледяной апокалипсис,изморозь,ice rain,Kamchatka,wind kamchatka,jesus christ is coming soon,apocalypse,haarp,weather,rain,wind,snow,russia,snowstorm,snowfall,blizzard,freezing rain{% endraw %}
