---
title: "12 Simple Tricks To Lose Love Handles Fast"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pCNU9E6lANI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pCNU9E6lANI"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["body hub","body hub fitness","body hub health"]
date: "2021-12-06T14:38:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-06T09:37:59Z"
duration: "PT9M18S"
viewcount: "955"
likeCount: "135"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Body Hub"
---
{% raw %}Despite their name, love handles are not something many of us are particularly fond of.They are areas of stubborn fat on our hips and obliques that can be tough to get rid of.<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />💡Other videos you’ll love!:<br /><br />🎥Watch: 10 Easy Steps To Burn Fat Without Losing Muscle<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j1EPJTWXWo&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBKPbLDVopl1FfDJ-sTXI4Zd&amp;ab_channel=BodyHub">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j1EPJTWXWo&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBKPbLDVopl1FfDJ-sTXI4Zd&amp;ab_channel=BodyHub</a><br /><br />🎥Watch:  How to Detox Your Body in Just 8 Minutes<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIqAsLSsdXw&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBKPbLDVopl1FfDJ-sTXI4Zd&amp;index=3&amp;ab_channel=BodyHub">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIqAsLSsdXw&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBKPbLDVopl1FfDJ-sTXI4Zd&amp;index=3&amp;ab_channel=BodyHub</a><br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />In a nutshell:<br /><br />Despite their name, love handles are not something many of us are particularly fond of. They are areas of stubborn fat on our hips and obliques that can be tough to get rid of. People with excess fat, particularly around the midsection and lower back, are at increased risk for heart disease, diabetes, and even some kinds of cancer Chronically high levels of cortisol can cause increased fat accumulation around the waistline, hips, and midsection. Changes in hormones can cause increased fat cells around the midsection, and decreased activity could make it more difficult to lose this stubborn fat. A diet high in sugar and excess calories is naturally going to cause increased fat cells in the body. For many, there is a good chance that increased fat may accumulate around the waist and hips. Lack of physical activity can make it very difficult to lose any excess fat that may have been put on for the reasons mentioned above. <br /><br />Alcohol, like diet, can be a big factor in weight gain. Healthy eating is key when you’re trying to lose fat in any area of the body. Aside from being linked to a slew of health issues, such as heart disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes, eating too much added sugar can lead to an increased amount of body fat, particularly in the belly area. Cutting back on the amount of added sugar in your diet can help reduce body fat, including love handles. Filling up on healthy fats like avocados, olive oil, nuts, seeds and fatty fish can help slim your waistline. Not only do healthy fats taste delicious, they help you feel full, causing you to consume fewer calories throughout the day. Replacing less nutrient-dense foods with healthy fats may help you lose body fat. Adding foods rich in soluble fiber to your daily routine may help you get rid of stubborn love handles. The prolonged feelings of fullness fiber brings have been shown to decrease the number of calories people consume throughout the day, leading to weight loss.<br /><br />Finding simple ways to increase the number of calories you burn throughout the day is an excellent way to lose excess body fat. Being stressed out has a negative impact on both your mental and physical health, and can even cause you to gain belly fat. Although this is a normal function, prolonged stress and overexposure to cortisol can cause unwanted side effects like anxiety, headaches, digestive issues and weight gain. To reduce stress and prevent belly fat, focus on activities like yoga and meditation that have been shown to reduce cortisol levels. Engaging in any kind of physical activity can help you lose your love handles, but adding weight training to your routine may be especially beneficial. Like stress, not getting enough sleep increases cortisol levels in the body, which can lead to weight gain. A better way to lose resistant body fat is to incorporate whole-body moves into your workout and add in aerobic exercises that work a large number of muscles at once. Adding high-quality protein to your meals can help you lose fat and maintain a healthy weight. <br /><br />Additionally, following a high-protein diet may help you maintain your weight once you have reached your goal, including high-quality protein sources like eggs, nuts, seeds, legumes, seafood, poultry and meats in your meals may help reduce excess fat, including love handles. Aerobic workouts help burn calories and reduce excess fat on the body, which can help slim down love handles. The calories and sugar found in sweetened beverages add up and can cause you to gain fat around the waistline.<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Subscribe to Body Hub!:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r">https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r</a><br /><br />#LoveHandles #StomachFat<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />ℹ️ Medical Disclaimer: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf">https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf</a><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------{% endraw %}
