---
title: "A great shooting night lifts Ulm to road win! | Round 6, Highlights | 7DAYS EuroCup"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JTzbMIlVcRc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JTzbMIlVcRc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["7DAYS EuroCup","EuroCup","Regular Season"]
date: "2021-12-09T14:10:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-08T22:31:06Z"
duration: "PT3M27S"
viewcount: "1047"
likeCount: "22"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL"
---
{% raw %}With a masterful roadshow, ratiopharm Ulm stopped red-hot host Gran Canaria in its tracks for an 81-96 win in Group B on Wednesday. Ulm lifted its record to 3-3 while Gran Canaria fell to 4-2 with a second home loss bracketed around a four-game winning streak. <br /><br />Jerome Blossomgame missed just 2 shots on his way to 25 points to lead the winners. Semaj Christon followed with 18 and 5 assists. Sindarius Thornwell celebrated his EuroCup debut with 17 points and Philipp Herkenhoff came off the bench for 12 more. AJ Slaughter scored 18 points and Dylan Ennis 17 for Gran Canaria, while Chris Kramer added 15 and Miquel Salvo 10. <br /><br /><br /><br />ABOUT EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL <br /><br />Euroleague Basketball (EB) is a global leader in the sports and entertainment business, devoted to running the top European competitions of professional basketball clubs under a unique and innovative organizational model. Owned and administered by some of the most successful and historic clubs in the world, EB manages the continent’s two premier men’s basketball competitions, the Turkish Airlines EuroLeague and the 7DAYS EuroCup, as well as the sport’s premier under-18 showcase, the EB Adidas Next Generation Tournament.<br /><br />The EB competitions bring the elite of European basketball to all five continents and to the entire sports community through the OTT platform EuroLeague TV. EB also organizes a series of community and educational activities, led by the One Team program, in alignment with the United Nations Agenda 2030 Sustainable Development Goals. On the academic side, the EB Sports Business MBA trains future professionals in sports management.<br /><br />About One Team<br />One Team, Euroleague Basketball's corporate social responsibility (CSR) program , supported by Turkish Airlines as the One Team Founding Patron and with the collaboration of Special Olympics as Proud Partner, uses basketball to achieve real social impact in our communities. With an innovative model of interconnectedness across an entire continent, Euroleague Basketball and its clubs have developed a complete CSR program that brings together activities from each team in an integrated, impactful way, working under the theme of &quot;community integration&quot; that actively addresses targets of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 10 on Reduced Inequalities. Each participating club develops a specific One Team project tailored to its own community needs to benefit groups in danger of exclusion due to problems such as substance abuse and gender, physical or intellectual disability. Since its founding in 2012, the One Team program has reached already directly and indirectly more than 23,000 participants through its various team projects.{% endraw %}
