---
title: "15 Prayers of St Bridget of Sweden (2020)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/egoBJU3bmqQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "egoBJU3bmqQ"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["15 Prayers of Saint Bridget of Sweden","15 prayers of st Bridget of sweden","st bridget of sweden"]
date: "2021-12-05T23:46:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-06T07:00:02Z"
duration: "PT19M38S"
viewcount: "1445365"
likeCount: "5604"
dislikeCount: "436"
channel: "Catholic Minute - Catholic speaker Ken Yasinski"
---
{% raw %}The 15 prayers of St Bridget are a beautiful mediation upon the wounds of Jesus Christ.<br /><br />Born in 1303 in Uppland Sweden, St. Bridget became an incredible mystic. She wanted to know the number of blows Jesus had received during his passion.  One day, Jesus appeared to St Bridget saying, “I received 5480 blows on My Body. If you wish to honour them in some way, say 15 Our Fathers and 15 Hail Marys with the following Prayers (which He taught found in this youtube video) for a whole year. When the year is up, you will have honoured each one of My Wounds.”<br /><br />This youtube video shows the 15 prayers as give by Jesus to Saint Bridget of Sweden. <br /><br />St Bridget of Sweden claimed that Jesus had revealed 15 promises to anyone who would recite these prayers for an entire year. <br /><br />1. I will deliver 15 souls of his lineage from Purgatory.<br />2. 15 souls of his lineage will be confirmed and preserved in grace.<br />3. 15 sinners of his lineage will be converted.<br />4. Whoever recites these Prayers will attain the first degree of perfection.<br />5. 15 days before his death I will give him My Precious Body in order that he may escape eternal starvation; I will give him My Precious Blood to drink lest he thirst eternally.<br />6. 15 days before his death he will feel a deep contrition for all his sins and will have a perfect knowledge of them.<br />7. I will place before him the sign of My Victorious Cross for his help and defence against the attacks of his enemies.<br />8. Before his death I shall come with My Dearest Beloved Mother.<br />9. I shall graciously receive his soul, and will lead it into eternal joys.<br />10. And having led it there I shall give him a special draught from the fountain of My Deity, something I will not for those who have not recited My Prayers.<br />11. Let it be known that whoever may have been living in a state of mortal sin for 30 years, but who will recite devoutly, or have the intention to recite these Prayers, the Lord will forgive him all his sins.<br />12. I shall protect him from strong temptations.<br />13. I shall preserve and guard his 5 senses.<br />14. I shall preserve him from a sudden death.<br />15. His soul will be delivered from eternal death.<br />16. He will obtain all he asks for from God and the Blessed Mother.<br />17. If he has lived all his life doing his own will and he is to die the next day, his life will be prolonged.<br />18. Every time one recites these Prayers he gains 100 days indulgence.<br />19. He is assured of being joined to the supreme Choir of Angels.<br />20. Whoever teaches these Prayers to another, will have continuous joy and merit which will endure eternally.<br />21. There, where these Prayers are being said or will be said in the future God is present with His grace.<br /><br />The prayers of St Bridget of Sweden can also be found in the Peita, book of prayers. This book contains many other wonderful Catholic prayers.<br /><br />The 15 prayers of St Bridget of Sweden was recited by Janelle Yasinski in 2019. <br /><br />Pope Pius IX approved these prayers on May 31, 1862 for the good of souls. <br /><br />On the eve of the Great Jubilee of the Year 2000, catholic saint, John Paul II proclaimed St Bridget of Sweden Co-Patroness of the whole of Europe.<br /><br />This St Bridget 15 prayers audio was recorded by Catholic Speaker Productions. <br />Catholicism is so rich in tradition! May you be blessed these beautiful Catholic prayers.<br /><br />For more information about our ministry please visit<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.catholicspeaker.com/">https://www.catholicspeaker.com/</a><br /><br />#catholic #catholicprayers{% endraw %}
