---
title: "Jack Dorsey: HYPERINFLATION Is Going To CHANGE EVERYTHING. It's Happening"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/prRlLGPqU-s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "prRlLGPqU-s"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["jack dorsey","inflation","hyperinflation"]
date: "2021-12-13T10:17:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-11T12:19:31Z"
duration: "PT12M12S"
viewcount: "12887"
likeCount: "445"
dislikeCount: "27"
channel: "Cooper Academy"
---
{% raw %}Get 5 Free stocks on Moomoo up to $3500 each: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://j.moomoo.com/00bcrV">https://j.moomoo.com/00bcrV</a> <br />Let's go over Jack Dorseys warning on hyperinflation and what other investors think on where inflation is heading...<br /><br />($3500 value is based on current market prices. $0 commission trading is available ONLY to US residents trading in the US markets)<br /><br />__________________________________<br /><br />Jack Dorsey, Ex CEO of twitter, billionaire, co-founder of square, or as some know him as Mark Zuckerberg 2.0, he’s come out recently warning of hyperinflation. Jack said “It will happen in the US soon, and so the world”. <br /><br />16% inflation that’s a lot! This comes after the infamous investor Michael Burry sent out his own warning on inflation, along with other famous names like Ray Dalio, Paul Tudor Jones &amp; even the oracle of Omaha himself Warren Buffett, hasn’t refrained from talking about inflation. <br /><br />And if we take a look at what’s happening with the price of things, it looks like a lot of them were correct, it’s not hyperinflation yet, but, it’s not a pretty picture… Gas one of the most important commodities, used in all countries throughout the world, that’s shot up 250% in price in a single year. I think we’ve all felt the effect of that one.<br /><br />Lumber, aka wood, used for building houses, desks, chairs, shelves, you know most things that humans use, that’s doubled from around $300 to over $600 today<br /><br />Even recently I went to buy a canon camera from the shop, normally camera prices go down, this one had gone up $200 in a week, because of increased material costs. If we look at technology such as phones, laptops, headphones, they’re all starting to cost more…<br /><br />I saw this funny yet poignant thing on Instagram the other day, it said “my truck is somehow worth more than when I bought it in 2017, 2021 inflation is so bad that it’s turning depreciating assets into appreciating ones”…<br />And this is what the underlying numbers are pointing towards, inflation that we have not seen in a long while. Looking at the United States inflation rate, it dipped to almost 0% at the start of 2020, &amp; now it’s almost at 5.4%, almost 3 times more than the number we’re used to! <br /><br />As trading economics said the annual inflation rate in the US edged up to a 13-year high. The Main upward pressure came from the cost of shelter, food, namely food at home, new vehicles and energy. But if we go to Jack Dorsey, CEO of twitter, very smart man when it comes to business, he’s not warning of increased inflation like we’re seeing, he’s warning of hyperinflation! That’s a big difference. <br /><br />Hyperinflation is a term to describe rapid, excessive, and out-of-control general price increases in an economy. If we look at other countries we can get a range of examples of what hyperinflation has looked like for them…<br /><br />Zimbabwe probably the poster boy child for hyperinflation in the world, is a country we can look at. So the government started printing money to pay for the war in congo. On top of this they started confiscating farms from certain groups of farmers. As a result they were hit with one of the worst cases of hyperinflation. The inflation rate was 98% a day and prices doubled every 24 hours…<br /><br />Venezuela a more recent example where prices rose 41% in 2013 and by 2018 inflation was 65,000%. This came as a result from the government meddling with money supply as well as instituting ‘price controls’ for food &amp; medicine. As a response people started using eggs as a form of currency. Eggzellent idea… Germany another example where their central bank issued 92.8 quintillion paper marks. They did this to try get themselves out of trouble from bad economic times &amp; what do you know hyperinflation quickly followed.<br /><br />So what can we learn from these examples. Governments meddling with business activity &amp; too much printing of money = bad for inflation. Now that is the worrying thing about the era that we are in today, because I’m not sure if you’ve noticed, governments are very hands on with businesses, and the central bank is very into printing money. 2 ingredients that can lead to disaster…<br /><br /><br />Subscribe Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2Y1kNq8">https://bit.ly/2Y1kNq8</a> <br /><br />___<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: It's important to note that I am not a financial adviser and you should do your own research when picking stocks to invest in. This video was made for educational and entertainment purposes only. Consult your financial adviser. * Some of the links on this webpage are affiliate links. This means at no additional cost to you, we earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase and/or subscribe. This has no impact on my opinions, facts or style of video.{% endraw %}
