---
title: "Atlas Copco HiLight E3+ ｜Sustainable and tough light tower"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vM_H4wbwMk8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vM_H4wbwMk8"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["electric light tower","light tower","led light tower"]
date: "2021-10-26T12:10:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-08T11:08:54Z"
duration: "PT34S"
viewcount: "185"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Atlas Copco Power Technique"
---
{% raw %}HiLight E3+, the new plug and play LED electric light tower will survive the toughest of environments.<br /><br />Atlas Copco’s new plug and play HiLight E3+ electric light tower will operate reliably throughout the most demanding conditions found at construction sites, outdoor events and temporary public lighting installations. Its internal electronics, control panel and connectors are protected from the elements by the company’s innovative HardHat® canopy, while the complete assembly, which includes a heavy-duty 7 metre mast, has a certified wind stability of 100 km/h.<br /><br />“The HiLight E3+ light tower’s environmental resilience extends application opportunities, improves reliability, reduces total cost of ownership, and preserves resale values. Equally, though, they offer superior performance during operation,” commented Félix Gómez, Atlas Copco Divisional Product Marketing Manager – Light Towers.<br /><br />The LED light tower’s luminosity and distribution have been improved thanks to four high efficiency 160 W LED lights to give 3000 m2 illuminated coverage while being 15 per cent brighter. This ensures a brighter, safer and more productive site, while the lights also reduce maintenance costs due to a bulb life-expectancy of 50,000 hours.<br /><br />The light towers offer great through-project deployment efficiency. Up to 32 of the compact units can be transported on a standard 13-metre truck, from which they can be offloaded and manoeuvred using their forklift pocket, crane lifting eye and/or wheels. Then, they can be plugged easily into a mains supply, auxiliary power source or generator to allow fast set-up through the user-friendly control panel.<br /><br />New features include galvanized heavy-duty outriggers, wider wheels and an optional electric winch. With no mechanical parts to maintain, and no liquids or emissions, the light tower is environmentally friendly and virtually maintenance-free.<br />The HiLight E3+ light tower operates on single-phase 50/60 Hz 230 V or 110 V power. 60 Hz versions with NEMA L5-20A sockets are also available. Furthermore, up to 10 units can be connected to one power source at 230V.<br /><br />Where no mains or auxiliary power is available, the towers are well suited to partner up with Atlas Copco’s portable generator ranges. For example, they are a perfect fit with the 5 kW P6500 generator, which can support seven light towers, or the 6 kW P8000 generator that supports nine. Meanwhile, the inverter technology iP models are good choices for powering lower numbers of light towers. So this resistance light tower with generator is the perfect partnership, as lighting solutions, to work in difficult environments such as industry or constructions.<br /><br />The HiLight range of battery, electric tower lights and diesel-powered and LED light towers are designed to offer the widest choice for construction, road works, public events and industrial applications. Atlas Copco offers a broad choice of flexible and dynamic portable lighting solutions, which combine robust build quality and compact size, while addressing all aspects of efficiency, safety and environmental impact. <br /><br />For more information about this LED light tower for sale or rental or how to get light tower replacements, and also more specifications about this portable electric light tower, the Atlas Copco HiLight E3+, visit the website <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.atlascopco.com/HiLight-E3plus?amc_cid=sn_PFL-HiLight-E3-youtube_na">https://www.atlascopco.com/HiLight-E3plus?amc_cid=sn_PFL-HiLight-E3-youtube_na</a><br /><br />#lighttower #atlascopco{% endraw %}
