---
title: "She is not Lazy | She is Wise | She Doesn't Gossip (PROVERBS 31 WOMAN) - Must Watch For All Women"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/a_HzG2kkEUc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "a_HzG2kkEUc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Doesn't","Gossip","(PROVERBS"]
date: "2021-10-08T02:19:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-06T12:00:01Z"
duration: "PT10M6S"
viewcount: "7667"
likeCount: "806"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Trailblazer"
---
{% raw %}Donation &amp; Support: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO">https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO</a><br /><br />She is not Lazy | She is Wise | She Doesn't Gossip (PROVERBS 31 WOMAN) - Must. Watch For All Women<br /><br />Who is the Proverbs 31 woman? Many of us have heard the term proverbs 31 woman used quite frequently but we know so little about her. We just assume she must be a good type of woman. Proverbs 31 woman is the biblical standard of what a virtuous woman should be like. Every Christian woman wants to be referred to as a proverbs 31 woman, but there are certain requirements that make a woman a proverbs 31 woman. What are these requirements? We would see them as we do an in-depth study on Proverbs chapter 31.<br />Before we start the in-depth study please take a minute to subscribe to our channel if you have not done so before.  Now that you have done that let’s go on.<br />Proverbs 31 vs 10-31 summarises the character and qualities of a virtuous wife. It serves as a checklist or a goal for a Christian woman who is a good wife and a good mother.<br />A virtuous woman here could either be a daughter (single woman), wife or grandmother. It speaks to women across all ages, executed based on the role the woman is playing. The characteristic of the virtuous woman does not just fall in her laps but she spent time learning and mastering each virtue which makes her special. It will be rare to find a woman who has all these virtues but these proverbs should be seen as more of an aspiration to gradually make the woman a better person rather than condemning women who do not have all these virtues yet (it is a work in progress).<br />The Characteristics of the proverbs 31 woman in accordance with the scripture<br />• She is trustworthy<br />Proverbs 31 vs 11-12<br />Her husband trusts her so much because he has seen what she does with the resources she has at her disposal so he completely trusts her decision and can live in complete confidence because of this. She puts in all her best and this results in her husband having no lack of gain. Also because of this, she does him good constantly and not evil all the days of her life and as the years go by her goodness becomes deeper and greater.<br />• She is not lazy but hardworking<br />Proverbs 31 vs 13-16 <br />This describes the virtuous woman as not indulging in idleness, she is always striving for her family to have all they need in good time and also plans ahead for the future so the family will not go hungry and manages her home properly. She is not proud but she is willing to work with her hands wherever there is a need to provide for her family, therefore her family is her priority, and to top it all, she does this willingly not forcefully, or grudgingly.<br />Proverbs 31 vs 17-19. The virtuous woman strengthens herself by encouraging herself only thinking about good things. She is a hard worker and knows where to purchase her merchandise. She knows her business well. She works hard so her family can live a comfortable life <br />• She is compassionate: <br />Proverbs 31 vs 20<br />She also considers the poor and needy because she is a woman full of compassion and due to her being hardworking she has enough money to spare for the needy. She is a woman who does not ignore those in need but treats them well and with the utmost regard.<br />• She has the wisdom to discern times and seasons.<br />Proverbs 31 vs 21-23<br />She knows what apparel is good for what season, therefore confident that her family will not suffer as a consequence of seasonal changes whether physical or spiritual. She gets her household prepared for all kinds of adversities and challenges. Due to her creativity, she could afford to clothe herself with the best of the best available at the time (she could afford the luxury of fine linen and purple). <br />• She brings glory to her husband<br />Her husband is proud of her. He is well known by people because of her. He is not ashamed because his wife makes him proud and because he is married to a virtuous woman who is the talk of everyone and also him being able to trust his wife with some responsibilities affords him the time to attend to the civil interest of the community, therefore, giving him a space on the table of those classified as the wise men of the community. His wife gives him peace at home so he can be effective outside the home.<br />• She manages resources well so there may be abundance.<br />Proverbs 31 vs 24-25<br />The virtuous woman makes more than enough items for her household that she considers selling them in order to store up riches for her family and her grandchildren. She knows how to save and does not spend extravagantly.{% endraw %}
