---
title: "I AM Entering Into The Most Magical Time Of My Life ✨ Super-Charged Affirmations"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/E4DxzHLP710\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "E4DxzHLP710"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Affirmations","Affirmations for","Inspiration"]
date: "2021-12-03T11:15:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-30T00:28:19Z"
duration: "PT30M38S"
viewcount: "12077"
likeCount: "949"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Rockstar Affirmations"
---
{% raw %}Thank you so much for stopping by to check out this channel and our videos. You are THE CAT'S MEOW :)<br /><br />Who doesn't want more magic in their life???!! ✨✨✨ : D <br />Here is I AM Entering Into the Most Magical Time of My Life. Use this recording to attract more magic and miracles into your life!  This recording contains brainwaves.<br /><br />Support us on Patreon for as little as $2 a month and get access to videos only available on Patron.  Thank you for buying us coffee! <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/rockstaraffirmations">https://www.patreon.com/rockstaraffirmations</a><br /><br />If you would like an mp3 of this video, you can support this channel by visiting the Bandcamp link below.  Much appreciated, Thank you!!! : )<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rockstaraffirmations.bandcamp.com/track/i-am-entering-into-the-most-magical-time-of-my-life-super-charged-affirmations">https://rockstaraffirmations.bandcamp.com/track/i-am-entering-into-the-most-magical-time-of-my-life-super-charged-affirmations</a><br /><br />These videos are great for helping to create new beliefs, and they will help you immensely if you’re committed enough.  You’ve got to be willing to commit fully.  And they will help you overcome the hurdles that are holding you back.  <br /><br />The best way to use one of our videos is to get clear on your goal and focus on it. Listen to a particular video for 21 days.  21 days because Research shows that it takes 21 days to develop a habit and new beliefs..  So for you to ‘believe’ it, it will take you 21 days to change or form a new habit and to get rid of any debilitating and self-limiting beliefs.  From my experience, The great news is is that it won’t even take 21 days before you start to see results.  In fact, you most likely will see results and see things start to happen after just a couple days but please continue to listen for 21 days for best results.  This process is greatly enhanced when you can relax your body and quiet your mind prior to listening.<br /><br />These videos are a powerful way to reach the subconscious mind while bypassing critical awareness and logical reasoning. As you start to assimilate them, they will create a new neural network in your brain. Be consistent and listen to a particular video as often as possible for 21 days.  If you can't listen to 30 minutes, then at least listen to 5 or 10 minutes, that is better than skipping a day. You don’t need to wear headphones but it is recommended.  It’s best not to listen to anything else while you are listening to these affirmations.  You can listen to multiple videos but it is best to focus on one particular area and avoid scattering and trying out other affirmation videos at the same time. For example, if losing weight is the most important target you have, put your energy in it and avoid listening to different affirmations in different topics. the best time to listen to these affirmations is just before drifting off to sleep at night, and just after waking in the morning before arising but really anytime that you can listen to them is great.<br /><br />If you can follow these instructions, your life will transform for the better.  As you listen to these affirmations, you will find yourself feeling more positive than before the video began.  Use headphones for best results but are not necessary.<br /><br />Hope this video inspires and motivates you to take action.  :)<br /><br />CAUTION: DO NOT LISTEN IF YOU HAVE HAD SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF IN DOUBT. NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR MEDICAL ADVICE. DO NOT LISTEN WHILE DRIVING OR OPERATING MACHINERY.<br /><br />AFFIRMATIONS:<br />I AM entering into the most magical time of my life.<br />I AM entering into the most magical time of my life.<br />I AM now entering into the most magical time of my life.<br />I AM easily and effortlessly entering into the most magical time in my life.<br />I love the feeling of living in, the most magical time in my life.<br />It feels like I am now living in the most magical time of my life.<br />+ many more affirmations!{% endraw %}
