---
title: "From a hotel watchman to employing over 200 people- the story of Duncan Kobetbet"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IoET-6C_icw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IoET-6C_icw"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["kenya news","kenya","africa"]
date: "2021-11-19T21:23:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-19T07:47:39Z"
duration: "PT46M46S"
viewcount: "9286"
likeCount: "239"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Tuko \/ Tuco - Kenya"
---
{% raw %}Duncan Kobetet dropped out of school in class 7, that did stop him from being a millionaire. Years back he used to beg money to feed his family but today he has employed over 200 Kenyans. On today's episode of inspire Kenya he shares his inspiring journey with us<br /><br />Help us share more untold stories! Support us via the link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/tuko">https://www.patreon.com/tuko</a><br /><br />Subscribe to Tuko TV on YouTube<br />__<br />Top-5 | Tuko TV - Kenyan Top List <br />Would you like to be the first one to know the latest news about Kenya and Africa? Tuko TV can definitely make it happen. These top 5 videos contain the most interesting and shocking data on politics, sports, medicine, residents of Kenya, and many other important facts about the country. The Kenyan Top List contains the most shocking miracles by African pastors, the most surprising facts about Kikuyu people, and even medical miracles achieved by the Kenyan Doctors! Save this playlist to get access to the Kenya Best Lists and stay updated with the latest stories and trends in Kenya.  <br /><br />Entertainment news in Kenya | Tuko TV <br />In this playlist, you can find the best Entertainment news in Kenya. Do you want to hear about the latest celebrity news in Kenya and Africa? Tuko.co.ke has collected the most intriguing and fascinating Kenya news that will leave you speechless. Do you want to find out why Kenyan women cook “maini” for their husbands? What is a female and how to properly use it? Save this playlist and be the first one to find out all of the answers!<br /><br />Special projects of Kenya | Tuko TV <br />Are you ready to hear the most horrific facts of Africa? Tuko.co.ke is ready to present you the most interesting documentaries and stories that recently happened in Kenya. Watch the people telling stories about child marriages, small businesses ideas, gender violence, and many other important topics among Faces of Kenya. Do you want to hear a story of a Kenyan domestic worker in Saudi Arabia and find out how a Kenyan man is spending millions to change his gender? Save this playlist and stay informed about all of the latest updates and topics in Kenya.<br /><br />Current affairs in Kenya | Tuko TV | Kenya News <br />In this Tuko.co.ke playlist, you can find all of the current affairs in Kenya! It is full of the latest news from Kenya, including politics, scandals, reactions, and statements. Do you like watching people’s reactions and opinions on different life situations? Are you interested in being the first one to share the news of Kenya among your friends and family? Save this playlist and be updated on every major situation and problem happening In Kenya at this very moment.<br />  <br />Tuko BUZZ | Tuko TV <br />On Tuko BUZZ, you can find the latest collection of Kenyan music news and facts. This playlist will come in handy for all of the music lovers out there. We explicitly created this playlist on Tuko.co.ke to help you stay informed about all of the influential Kenyan singers, including their relationships, family lives, marriages, and life crisis. Do you want to know what is going on with your favorite Kenyan artists today? Save this playlist and stay informed on the popular Kenyan artists and their lives at the moment. <br />__<br />Connect with Tuko TV Online!<br />Site Tuko: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.tuko.co.ke/​​​​​​">https://www.tuko.co.ke/​​​​​​</a><br /><br />__<br />Visit TUKO’s official YouTube channel to get today’s breaking news, latest and most relevant updates, most pressing issues in Kenya, Nairobi news, entertainment news, sports news.<br />#tukotv​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ #tukonews​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ #tukocoke​​​​​​​​​​​{% endraw %}
