---
title: "I certainly never saw myself as posh | radiome JAZZ MUSIC FOR RELAXING"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/W5iQQR0Z1r8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "W5iQQR0Z1r8"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["radiome","smooth piano","chill piano"]
date: "2021-11-09T21:17:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-06T13:14:44Z"
duration: "PT1H50M26S"
viewcount: "267"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "radiome"
---
{% raw %}I certainly never saw myself as posh | radiome JAZZ MUSIC FOR RELAXING<br /><br />Welcome to my channel!<br /><br />We are a musical company that is located in Russia and we create piano music for relaxation. All songs created by ours daily, and share inspirations to friends. Music has been an inspiration of ours since childhood, as well as the love of composing new melodies every day. In order to reach out to more people all around the world with our beautiful creations, we've decided to share them with the public through social media channels such as YouTube and Facebook Live Streams.<br /><br />0:00 The only method of forecasting<br />2:54 The mossy walk beside<br />5:40 The sea waves with the passages<br />8:35 The Saracen employed his art and force<br />11:16 The sea waves with the passages<br />14:10 The people each day flocked around<br />17:07 The playing and singing of each of these songs commonly went on<br />19:51 The pleasant task with the window open and the<br />22:39 The measured tread and sway<br />25:17 The many heads are priests<br />27:56 The ray from heaven that gilds the clod<br />30:50 The men who lead the van<br />33:31 The second town they came to<br />36:05 The river that flows at my longing feet<br />38:58 The people each day flocked around<br />41:54 The Northland turneth his honest face<br />44:37 The passion of a thousand lyres<br />47:12 The love that seeks a home<br />50:08 The many heads are priests<br />52:48 The Messed Damozel leaned out<br />55:47 The Messed Damozel leaned out<br />58:47 The old Moon laughed and sang a song<br />1:01:27 The passion of a thousand lyres<br />1:04:02 the Satires appear to be parts of a letter written by Lucilius to<br />1:06:45 The second town they came to<br />1:09:19 The purer sympathies of soul<br />1:12:09 The most complete literary monument of Rome<br />1:14:46 The senses with a sweet<br />1:17:22 The morning wind blows fresh and free<br />1:20:19 the poem which might more properly have been styled an essay on<br />1:22:40 The moaning wind went wandering round<br />1:25:14 The melodies and measures fraught<br />1:27:23 The Rooshian black eagle looks blue in his eerie<br />1:30:21 The principal food of the Siouxs<br />1:33:20 The longer she stands<br />1:36:10 The only method of forecasting<br />1:39:04 The little hand outside her muff<br />1:41:39 The Rooshian black eagle looks blue in his eerie<br /><br />A playlist of songs for a better day. See more :<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbIdm0gZ8VkuN2_syzkh07YW7VKdEejDQ">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbIdm0gZ8VkuN2_syzkh07YW7VKdEejDQ</a><br /><br />All rights belong to our team.<br />Please do not re-upload!<br />Please subscribe my channel for more videos!<br />#radiome #radiomechillpiano #radiomecalmingmusic #radiomerelaxingpiano #radiomeJAZZMUSICFORRELAXING{% endraw %}
