---
title: "14 Merciless Moments Of Animals Being Hunted In Water"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EhyMVOzx3II\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EhyMVOzx3II"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["14 MERCILESS MOMENTS OF ANIMALS BEING HUNTED IN WATER","animals","wild animals"]
date: "2021-12-13T09:03:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-12T11:33:40Z"
duration: "PT14M9S"
viewcount: "53611"
likeCount: "459"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}Anytime animals approach a body of water in the bush, things can become complicated very quickly. They must always be on the lookout for predators. Animals living in the water, have no other choice but to be constantly watching their backs. If you would like to see what goes on in and around the water, keep watching, as we count down 14 merciless moments of animals being hunted in water. <br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “12 Splendid Jackal Hunting And Fighting Moments”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/881hIeH3pYY">https://youtu.be/881hIeH3pYY</a><br />Watch our “12 Animals Digging Up And Eating Their Prey”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/urtGuUjaj10">https://youtu.be/urtGuUjaj10</a><br />Watch our “15 Epic Hunting Moments Of Huge And Merciless Crocodiles”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/jEECcsPyW_U">https://youtu.be/jEECcsPyW_U</a><br /><br />Python VS Alligator<br /><br />This massive female has a voracious appetite and isn't afraid to fight for it. She's spotted a possible prey in the form of a young alligator basking in the sun. She approaches with caution because she is aware of the danger. She would rather wait for the alligator to retreat so she can attack when his back is turned to her. That's when she decides to make her move. She coils around the alligator's powerful jaw, neutralizing it before suffocating it to death. The young alligator fights back to the best of his abilities, but he is no match for the massive python. The python must now swallow the alligator whole, and she has everything she needs to do so. This video shows an alligator and a python fighting in the water. When the alligator grabs the snake in its mouth and begins crushing it incessantly, it appears to have the upper hand. This time, the alligator is on the winning side. Which animal would win in a fight, an alligator, or a python? It all depends on which of the two is bigger. A massive alligator's bite can exert nearly 2000 pounds of force, so a well-directed bite on a python's head will kill it almost instantly. The alligator, on the other hand, has taken on more than it can handle. The snake is far too large to be eaten. Once the alligator is submerged, it will be able to return to bite off sections of flesh. It sounds like a beautiful Saturday afternoon picnic at the lake. A massive alligator chases after his prey, a similarly massive Burmese python, in this incredible video. The python looks like a toy snake in the alligator's grasp.<br /><br />Baboon Attack Flamingo<br /><br />This baboon goes for the kill when it runs through the water to snatch a pink flamingo and just when you think it will come up empty-handed, it makes a kill. The baboon doesn’t waste any time and eats the flamingo on the spot. The great rift valley of East Africa is a land in constant flux. Flamingos and baboons coexist peacefully at Lake Bogoria. They share this landscape and all it has to offer. They may not be compatible, but amid Bogoria's bounty, they can afford to be apathetic. In July, nearly 4 million flamingos congregate along the seams of the great rift valley after a successful breeding season. They overcrowd the locals and clog the inlets. The baboons who live here all year can't help but notice the influx of newcomers. Some baboons have never seen so many flamingos before and are unsure how to behave. There are so many birds in Bogoria that they trip over each other while fleeing. Baboons eat meat on occasion, but it is not a common occurrence. Choosing between fruits and flesh is a simple matter for these primates. A coordinated attack on flamingos has never been seen before. The baboon's feast on the graceful waiting birds' pink feathers and crimson flowers. The primates have discovered a new flavor to which they have developed an addiction. Perhaps this is nature's coldly indifferent way of reestablishing equilibrium.{% endraw %}
