---
title: "Fuel Oil Purifier Construction - Purifier Bowl and Drive"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/28vO3U_k6vU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "28vO3U_k6vU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["purifier working animation","purifier working","fuel oil purifier"]
date: "2021-10-06T16:38:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-05-20T15:22:13Z"
duration: "PT5M14S"
viewcount: "49999"
likeCount: "892"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "marineinsight"
---
{% raw %}Video No. 2 of &quot;Marine Centrifugal Separator Video Series&quot;<br />#Purifier #Centrifuge #Fuelseparator<br />This video on the Fuel oil purifier construction is the 2nd ✌ video in our &quot;Marine Centrifuge Separator Video Series&quot;📹 explaining the bowl assembly parts and Drive arrangement of the purifier. A high-speed centrifuge is a type of separator which is used on a ship to remove contamination from liquids such as fuel and lube oils. It is imperative to carry out this treatment to remove solid impurities and water before they are supplied to the marine engine. Thus, the task of the centrifuge is to remove solid contamination from liquid and to remove undesirable liquid (water) from useful liquids (fuel).<br />They are popularly known as fuel oil purifier or fuel oil separator. <br /><br />The principle of purifier working was explained in our last video - <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HI_dsnKRtg&amp;t">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HI_dsnKRtg&amp;t</a><br /><br />Essential components of the centrifuge are its Bowl and the drive arrangement.<br /><br />Exterior framework:<br /><br />The outer frame is usually made up of cast iron which supports the internal bowl and disk parts and carries water line, feed line, and outlet line connections.<br /><br />Bowl and disk:<br /><br />There are bowls inside the frame, which can be a solid assembly operating noncontinuous and have space enough to retain the separated sludge which can be done by purifier bowl opening and closing mechanism. There can also be an arrangement in which the upper and lower parts are separated for discharging the accumulated sludge by continuous operation. These parts are typically made up of high tensile stainless steel.<br /><br />Vertical shaft:<br /><br />The Vertical shaft is used to transform the electrical motor output into rotational motion for rotating the bowl at high speed through spur gear and horizontal shaft or belt. The material used for vertical shaft construction is an alloy of steel.<br /><br />The horizontal shaft or belt drive:<br /><br />The electrical motor drives the horizontal shaft through clutch pads and is used for transmitting the rotational motion to bowl assembly.<br /><br />A spur gear is placed between the horizontal and vertical shafts for the transfer of rotational motion. These gears are manufactured from the special aluminium bronze material.<br /><br />A special purifier belt having elastic character is used in some models in place of the horizontal shaft, thus removing the use of the gear assembly. The horizontal shaft material is a special alloy of steel.<br /><br />Knowledge of purifier bowl and drive assembly parts will come handy for the seafarers during purifier overhaul. <br /><br />Read More -<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.marineinsight.com/tech/10-things-must-check-starting-fo-purifier/">https://www.marineinsight.com/tech/10-things-must-check-starting-fo-purifier/</a>{% endraw %}
