---
title: "The Best Korean Skincare Brand You've Not Tried  AD 😍💜"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Kp3ARCoi5r0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Kp3ARCoi5r0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["james welsh","how to","best skin"]
date: "2021-10-26T13:33:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-24T18:15:00Z"
duration: "PT13M53S"
viewcount: "39840"
likeCount: "2265"
dislikeCount: "44"
channel: "James Welsh"
---
{% raw %}✖ Instagram - @james_s_welsh<br />✖ Twitter - @james_s_welsh<br /><br /><br />All products will be 15% off on Amazon until the 10th October. <br />Click here to purchase: <br /><br />www.amazon.com/troiareuke<br /><br />If you’ve followed me for….YEARS now, you would know how much I love Troiareuke.<br /><br />I became obsessed with their products pretty early on in my skincare journey after seeing creators like Joan Kim visit their spas and use their products in South Korea and it’s been a dream of mine to visit their spas ever since.<br /><br />BUT FOR NOW, I have their amazing products to use at home.<br />Here’s a full skincare routine using products from their ACSEN line, for oily, sensitive, and acne-prone skin. <br /><br />Thanks so much to Troiareuke for sponsoring today’s video and for supporting me throughout my career, from 100k to 1 million, they’ve always been an amazing brand to work with... and they keep me stocked up on their products 😬😅💜<br /><br /><br />PRODUCTS IN THIS VIDEO (*= affiliate link)<br />ICON MEANINGS: <br /><br />Present - Gifted Item (Product was sent to me as a gift, no money has been exchanged and there is no obligation to feature product(s) on social platforms)<br /><br />AD Megaphone - Sponsored item (Brand has paid me money and I have signed a contract for the item to appear in the video. This may be a quick feature or a whole dedicated product) <br /><br />Chain Link - Sponsored Affiliate Link (The video has been sponsored and an affiliate link to the sponsored product is a requirement in the video. The link used for the sponsored item is tracked by the brand and I make a small percentage of that sale)<br /><br />Dollar Bill - Bought with my own money (Product was paid for with my own money and I have no attachment to the brand in the particular video) <br /><br />Any link to a product may be an affiliate link. Please know that products featured in my videos are never chosen with 'selling' or making a profit in mind. However, I do make a very small commission from any purchases made through my affiliate links, so if you'd like to support my channel, you can shop via these links! <br /><br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ <br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖<br />For more videos about Korean skincare, k-beauty, hair tips and tutorials, skincare routines,  products trials, Hauls, reviews, and lifestyle, then be sure to subscribe, and don’t forget to leave your questions down below!<br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ <br />Remember that skincare is extremely personal to everybody's skin. What works for me, may not work for you. But I hope my videos give you some good ideas for products, techniques, and Ingredients to try.<br />Also, I'm obviously not a dermatologist or a doctor, so all opinions on products and anything else I'm presenting, are results and findings from my own experience and research. <br />And that's why I'm here, to share my research and my findings that go further than what is said on the bottle or google!<br />But, everything I present is always a discussion for you to join in with :) <br />If you have any serious skin concerns, please see a dermatologist/doctor. <br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ <br />Ad Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in my videos are all my own honest feelings. I will only work with brands and products that I truly love and use.  Working with brands allows me to invest in my channel and create better quality videos for you guys :)<br /><br />00:00 Intro<br />02:43 Acsen Oil Cut Cleansing demo and review<br />05:35 Acsen TOC Toner demo and review<br />07:26 Acsen Selemix Serum demo and review<br />09:30 Acsen AC Cream demo and review<br />11:29 Acsen UV Protector Essence demo and review<br />13:00 Outro{% endraw %}
