---
title: "This Is How You Use DOPAMINE As A SUPERPOWER In Your Life | Anna Lembke"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LwVDltYBNjw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LwVDltYBNjw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Tom Bilyeu","Impact Theory","ImpactTheory"]
date: "2021-11-11T19:26:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-09T14:00:18Z"
duration: "PT1H39M47S"
viewcount: "94692"
likeCount: "3589"
dislikeCount: "56"
channel: "Tom Bilyeu"
---
{% raw %}I’m teaching a LIVE workshop later this November to teach you how to make ANY goal stick. <br />Look - the truth is, most people never come close to achieving their goals - and it’s not because they’re not smart enough, or not worthy. It’s because they aren’t using the right strategies to stick to doing the work that’s going to lead to their success. Make no mistake, achieving goals is a PROCESS - that means you can learn it and get better at it. To join me and register your seat, go to live.impacttheory.com.<br /><br />From the time you were born, dopamine receptors in your brain have been firing off to keep you alive, to keep you motivated and keep you focused on pursuing something worthwhile. If you were born in the digital age of technology where electronic devices and social media started affecting your life directly or indirectly. You easily start feeling like you're not enough, there’s something missing or like you should be doing more than you are.<br /><br />Anna Lembke is a professor of psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine and chief of the Stanford Addiction Medicine Dual Diagnosis Clinic. She writes, “humans are the ultimate seekers.” Because of the way we are wired with the flood of hormones and chemicals released physiologically, we are always looking for the next dopamine hit without ever consciously identifying and labeling it. So, if it is in your nature to pursue a reward that is ever elusive, what reward do you decide to focus on? <br /><br />In this episode, Anna and Tom explore why using the love of the pursuit as a drug of choice to get dopamine rewards can be very dangerous. Anna also explains the pleasure pain balance and why too much pleasure and too much positive overload is still a form of stress to watch out for.<br /><br />Order Anna Lembke’s book, Dopamine Nation, Finding Balance in the Age of Indulgence: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/152474672X?tag=randohouseinc7986-20">https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/152474672X?tag=randohouseinc7986-20</a> <br /><br />SHOW NOTES:<br /><br />0:00 | Introduction to Anna Lembke<br />1:00 | Pursuit is Rewarding<br />10:12 | Dopamine Insensitivity<br />16:17 | Pleasure Pain Balance<br />26:24 | Dopamine Reset<br />29:21 | Cannabis Use &amp; Potency<br />34:07 | Pornography Addiction<br />39:56 | Truth Telling Reward<br />50:38 | Spirituality in Neurochemistry<br />59:05 | Social Media Connection<br />1:12:16 | To Exert Will or Not<br />1:25:10 | Danger in Striving<br /><br /><br />QUOTES:<br /><br />“We are hardwired to approach pleasure and avoid pain. And that's really at the heart of our dopamine reward system.” [7:50]<br /><br />“Any deviation from neutrality is actually a form of stress. In fact, biologists define stress as a deviation from neutrality.” [18:33]<br /><br />“The richest countries in the world are the countries that have the most suicide, anxiety, depression, and physical pain.” [24:22]<br /><br />“Because our primitive brains were not wired for an easy, hyper convenient world, we are suffering as a result of all of this access to these feel good things.” [25:10]<br /><br />“If social media is the main place, or the only place where you get validation, and you feel connected, that's really dangerous.” [1:06:55]<br /><br />“Don't do the easy thing to get rid of the pain, far better to suffer and come up with a long term solution” Tom Bilyeu [1:08:45]<br /><br />“The interesting part here is it isn't winning a championship, it's becoming capable of a championship performance.” Tom Bilyeu [1:26:34]<br /><br />Follow Anna Lembke:<br />Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.annalembke.com/">https://www.annalembke.com/</a>{% endraw %}
