---
title: "STOP Trying to Compete Against These Websites in SEO (And Finally Start Getting Traffic)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rSGFJQt1Lh8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rSGFJQt1Lh8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["seo competitor","seo competitor analysis","seo competitor analysis tools"]
date: "2021-11-23T00:23:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-22T15:00:34Z"
duration: "PT5M23S"
viewcount: "2757"
likeCount: "166"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Neil Patel"
---
{% raw %}Slow and steady wins a race with SEO. But some industries are just too hard to compete in, unless you have millions and millions of dollars. Today I want you to stop trying to compete against these specific websites in SEO, so that way you can start getting traffic. <br /><br />RESOURCES &amp; LINKS: <br />____________________________________________<br />Ubersuggest: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://neilpatel.com/ubersuggest/">https://neilpatel.com/ubersuggest/</a><br />____________________________________________<br /><br />Now, before I tell you the websites you shouldn't be competing with and what you should be doing, take a guess, leave a comment below with the type of websites that you shouldn't be competing with. I'll wait a few seconds, seriously. Leave a comment below. I'm curious what websites you think. <br /><br />So look, there are three types of competitors that you shouldn't be trying to compete with. The first is huge indirect competitors, Amazon, Microsoft, Ebay, Wikipedia, you know, Investopedia. These are sites that may be ranking for some keywords, but they're not really competitors. <br /><br />The second is competitors ranking for head terms. There's a lot of competitors out there who just rank for any head terms because they're super popular, and they have a lot of backlinks. And they've just been around for 12 years. But if they're not competitors, and they don't offer the products and services that you offer, you don't have to really worry about them. And I recommend that you hit them up and try to strike up affiliate deals. <br /><br />The third one is competitors with too high Of a domain authority. If a competitor has too high of a domain authority, a lot of times it's going to be hard to beat them in the short run. And that's okay even if they're in your space, you know, just don't try to beat them in the short run. In the long run, of course, they should be a competitor and you should try to beat them. But in the short run, go after terms and keywords, insights that you can actually beat. <br /><br />And this brings me to what you should be doing right, in the short run. So first off, I want you to go to Ubersuggest and I want you to end up putting in your competitors in Ubersuggest. This will show you all their top pages, what they're getting traffic for, what keywords are driving traffic to those URLs and the people who are linking to those URLs.<br /><br />If you have a list of all the keywords that drive traffic to your competitors and Ubersuggest you can use those keywords and put them into the keyword ideas report and it'll show you longer tail variations of those keywords. <br /><br />You can also put in your URL into the keyword ideas report. When you click on, hey, what are the keywords that are great on page one four? And we put it in your URL, what you'll end up finding is Ubersuggest will adjust the keyword ideas report and show you the keywords that you have to have a chance to rank for based on your authority.<br /><br />Another thing that I want you to do is look at the backlink opportunities report within ubersuggest and the backlink opportunities report you put in your URL, as well as the, a few of your competitors. And it'll show you who links to all your competitors, but not to you.<br /><br />They already linked to three of them. Why wouldn't they link to you as well? So then when you create similar content to them and you outreach them, there's a really high probability that they'll link to you. <br /><br />Another report that I want you to check out on Ubersuggest is the keywords opportunity report. So when you look at this keyword opportunity report, it'll show you all the competitors that rank for similar keywords, and for keywords that you don't rank for. So you look at all this similar keywords, like, &quot;Alright, my competitors rank for these keywords.<br /><br />Now, when you do all of these changes, what you'll find is, in the short run, you'll start getting more and more traffic. And as you get more and more traffic, I want you to log into Google Search Console and look at the pages that get a lot of impressions, but not as many clicks. <br /><br />Click through all those pages in Google Search Console, it'll then show you all the keywords that get a lot of impressions, but not as many clicks. And then what I want you to do is go through those keywords, see which ones are relevant and make sure that you're talking about those keywords within your article. If it's not relevant, don't worry about it. But if it is, make sure it's within the content, within your title tag, within your meta-description, and that allows you to get more traffic. <br /><br /><br />► If you need help growing your business check out my ad agency Neil Patel Digital @ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://neilpateldigital.com/">https://neilpateldigital.com/</a> <br /><br />►Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/ScRTwc">https://goo.gl/ScRTwc</a> to learn more secret SEO tips.<br />►Find me on Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/neilkpatel/">https://www.facebook.com/neilkpatel/</a><br />►On Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/neilpatel/">https://instagram.com/neilpatel/</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/rSGFJQt1Lh8">https://youtu.be/rSGFJQt1Lh8</a><br /><br />#SEO #SearchEngineOptimization #ContentMarketing{% endraw %}
