---
title: "David R. Hawkins - Everything Comes About As A Consequence Of Karmic Choice"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/r_hnbI10ebg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "r_hnbI10ebg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["David","Hawkins","Everything"]
date: "2021-10-08T22:09:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-05T14:45:22Z"
duration: "PT6M"
viewcount: "4333"
likeCount: "261"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Pehr Hedstrom"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://veritaspub.com/product/live-your-life-like-a-prayer-2006-dvd-set/">https://veritaspub.com/product/live-your-life-like-a-prayer-2006-dvd-set/</a><br /><br />So consciousness then stops identifying with the content of consciousness, with the linear, and transcends any illusions of causality, begins to experience and witness that all things are happening autonomously of their own. That Creation is an ongoing unfoldment. Instead of thinking in terms of causality, it sees that all things are unfolding. What's happening is happening as a consequence of emergence, not causality. You can make a big jump in spiritual advancement the minute you begin to see that. Things are happening because that is their potentiality, and if the surrounding field is adequate, and the conditions are appropriate, it will … <br /><br />So from consciousness levels 540 and up, the miraculous becomes almost continuous. At 570, the unfolding of everything is miraculous. You witness the miracle, what you're witnessing is the miracle of Creation, as it unfolds in one detail after another. It's a continuous unfoldment of the miraculous. And you realize that all of life is the miracle of Creation itself. Creation is continuous and unfolding. <br /><br />To the lower mind, it looks like causality. To higher mind, it realizes there is an infinite number of potentialities, see? And which one will manifest – what makes it do that? All is spontaneously emergent. There is the emergence, that potentiality. To try to BE … that's what you're trying to explain. Why search for that which you are? (laughter) The kitty: why should I search for being a cat when I am a cat? Oh, think of all the headaches that saves you.<br /><br />What is the etheric brain? The etheric brain is an energy field, which doesn't happen until you get to level 200. Below 200, everybody has a group etheric energy – an attractor field. All animals below 200 do not have individual karma, they have a group karma. It's the same with humans. 200 and up, you now have an etheric body, you have individual personal karma. The etheric brain then is an energy field. <br /><br />How many here have been out of body? You know when you are out of body, you think just as well as when you were in body. Because the etheric brain is energy and not physical. So how does thinkingness come about? Because it comes about, the energy field of the etheric brain, by induction, activates the neurons. The neurons and the physical brain are activated by induction, just like magnetism induces electricity in a wire. Not by cause, but by induction. Therefore the field, spiritual intention and commitment then, activates the etheric body, kundalini begins to rise, you see and experience the world differently than people do below 200.<br /><br />You say “How can so-and-so think that or do that?” it's because that is how the world is experienced and how it looks to them. How can they kill innocent people? Because that's the way it looks to them. What to you would be a horror and abhorrent to them is appealing. <br /><br />This world is optimal for spiritual evolution. This world gives you the optimum opportunity to gain positive karma and undo negative karma. Therefore this world is perfect. This is a perfect world (resist:strong). That' the difference between essence and appearance. If God wanted a place where your spirit could evolve, He would create earth, wouldn't He? Where every single moment you have to make a choice. You don't have any choice not to make a choice, you always have to make a choice. Constantly. <br /><br />So the spirit is like a little iron filling, in the infinite field of consciousness, which is the Light of God out of which arose Creation, therefore every choice and every decision you make alters the energy of this little iron filling that is within this giant electromagnetic field. Therefore everything comes about as a consequence of karmic choice. Every time you make a positive choice, this polarity increases. A negative choice, a negative polarity. Therefore where you are in the overall field is automatically the consequence of that which you are. That's what you are, it's determining what is. Therefore no point to worry about judgment day because it's happening. Today is judgment day (resist:strong). Today and every day is judgment day. Alright so the justice of God is absolute. Why? Because it is based on the reality of that which you have chosen of your own free choice. God's Will for us is free choice.{% endraw %}
