---
title: "Ask me anything & much much more AMA 94- Coach Zahabi"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6Bf0weIc0IE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6Bf0weIc0IE"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["anything","Coach","Zahabi"]
date: "2021-11-19T13:24:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-18T21:43:20Z"
duration: "PT1H12M20S"
viewcount: "5193"
likeCount: "290"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Tristar Gym"
---
{% raw %}Today I will be answering any and all question regarding fighting and training!<br /><br /><br />Coach Zahabi's Greatest Instructional Yet!<br /><br /><br />use promo code Ashi10 and get 10$ off!!!<br /><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.jujiclub.com/collections/jiu-jitsu-instructional/products/new-ashi-infinity-vol-1">https://www.jujiclub.com/collections/jiu-jitsu-instructional/products/new-ashi-infinity-vol-1</a><br /><br /><br />Attack with your legs! Your legs are far more powerful then your upper body! Attack your opponents legs!!! His legs are far easier to control then his upper body!<br />Ashi Infinity is a thinking man’s approach to Jiu-Jitsu. Why? Ashi Garami or “Leg Entanglements”will confuse your opponent, your opponents will not know which way to turn, wether to move forward or back or how to even begin to defend. Your opponents will panic trying to protect their ankle from an inevitable fate! In this video Coach Zahabi will teach you how attack with leg entanglements so powerful nobody will want to roll with you. You must learn these cutting edge leg entanglements or your Jiu-Jitsu will quickly become outdate.<br /><br />In this video you will learn<br /><br />    How to turn upper body attacks into leg entanglements<br />    How to entangle a kneeling opponent<br />    How to entangle a standing opponent<br />    The Deadly Roll-Through Finish<br />    How to enter Ashi Garami from Butterfly Guard<br />    A powerful solo drill that will make you an Ash Infinity Machine<br />    How to use “prowler action’ to get into Ashi position<br />    &quot;No loose ends” how to make sure you minimize exposure to your legs when going for the finish<br />    Attack from Reverse De La Riva<br />    Attacking from De La Riva<br />    How to get to K-Guard and enter Ashi Garami<br />    “Double Hooks” to Ashi Garami<br />    Preventing the the Guard pass and entering the Ashi<br />    Turn your Ashi into a sweep<br />    The&quot; Push-Pull Solution” when they stand up in Cross-Ashi<br />    How to Attack with Ashi Garami when both you and your opponent are standing<br />    The Ashi Slide entrance<br />    The correct way to enter the Imanari Roll<br /><br /><br /><br />This video runs for over 1hr with zero dead time or fluff! Coach Zahabi gets straight to point with his Unique Madden Style illustration and coaching. You will learn many key gems that will take you game to the next level! <br /><br />See why Coach Zahabi's teaching style is favoured by many around the world!<br /><br />Juji Club is happy to announce that <br /><br />you can now Stream or Download the video!<br /><br />No more filling up your storage! Just stream the video whenever you want and watch it as many time as you like!{% endraw %}
