---
title: "Chinmaya Vidyalaya RS Puram Coimbatore Case | Chinmaya Vidyalaya School Issue | Chinmaya Vidyalaya"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rfr2b5elUyw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rfr2b5elUyw"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["chinmaya vidyalaya rs puram coimbatore","chinmaya vidyalaya","chinmaya vidyalaya sucide news"]
date: "2021-11-26T03:38:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-22T02:30:10Z"
duration: "PT12M41S"
viewcount: "110892"
likeCount: "1335"
dislikeCount: "187"
channel: "Golden Wheels"
---
{% raw %}Chinmaya Vidyalaya RS Puram Coimbatore Case | Chinmaya Vidyalaya School Issue | Chinmaya Vidyalaya - Detail Explained in Tamil by Nakamaneci<br /><br />#KovaiSchoolNews #Coimbatore #SexualHarassment #LeakedAudio #ChinmayaVidyalayaSuicideCase #ChinmayaVidyalayaMatriculationSchool #Coimbatore #RSpuramCoimbatore #CoimbatoreGirlSuicide #CoimbatoreSchoolGirlSuicide #MithunChakravarthy #ChinmayaVidyalaya #TamilNews #TamilCinema #BreakingTamilNews #TamilNadu #Nakamaneci #GoldenWheels #Tamil<br /><br />Coimbatore: School Principal Arrested After Student Commits Suicide Over Sexual Assault<br />Cracking down on Chinmaya Vidyalaya's authorities over a 17-yr-old student's suicide, Coimbatore police have arrested the school's principal Mira Jackson<br /><br />Cracking down on Chinmaya Vidyalaya's authorities over a 17-yr-old student's suicide, Coimbatore police have arrested the school's principal Mira Jackson on Sunday. Jackson, who was booked for not acting on the victim's complaint on sexual abuse, was arrested by police while she was in hiding in Bangalore. The accused is being investigated at RS Puram police station and over 20 police personnel deployed outside school premises as a safety measure.<br /><br />Chinmaya Vidyalaya principal arrested<br />Responding to public fury, Tamil Nadu ministers Anbil Mahesh Poyyamozhi and Senthil Balaji met the parents of victim in Coimbatore. The child's body has also been brought back home for performing last rites. The family had refused to take her body demanding action to be taken against the school principal as well. Students and former students of the private school protested outside the victim's house in RS Puram, demanding the arrest of the school principal - Mira Jackson.<br /><br />Class 12 student commits suicide<br />A 17-year-old school student died by suicide on Saturday after she was repeatedly sexually assaulted by one of her teachers. The 17-year-old girl is said to have hanged herself at her home in Coimbatore's RS Puram locality when her parents were out. Two accused - a female school teacher and the prime accused - physics teacher Mithun Chakravarthy have already been arrested.<br /><br />READ | Coimbatore: 17-yr-old commits suicide after alleged sexual assault by teacher; 2 arrested<br />The accused teacher, Mithun Chakravarthy, has been detained by the police and booked under section 306 of the Indian Penal Code and section 9L r/w section 20 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act. The family has alleged inaction by school authorities despite the child having raised complaints against the teacher. The victim's mother has accused the principal of attempting to hush the incident to 'save the school's reputation'.<br /><br />Chats of Coimbatore teacher who allegedly sexually abused student hint at cover up<br />The 17-year-old student of Chinmaya Vidyalaya died by suicide on November 11. Following her death, the police have arrested the accused teacher, 31-year-old Mithun Chakravarthy.<br /><br /><br /><br />READ | Coimbatore: 2 Police teams on hunt for Principal &amp; other accused in sexual assault case<br />She lamented, &quot;My child was taken to counselling by one Meera madam (after the assault). The principal told my daughter to not tell anything to her parents. She has been mentally tortured for the last six months and she refused to go to school. The principal told that 'people rub against us in buses, so don't escalate this' so that school name is not spoiled. I kept asking her why she did not want to go to school? But she kept everything in her mind and did not tell outside.&quot;<br /><br />Sources add three people have been named by the child in her alleged suicide note - the accused teacher, a friend's grandfather and a neighbour's father. Several politicians like DMK MP Kanmozhi and MNM chief Kamal Haasan have condemned the incident, demanding strict punishment to the school authorities and the accused. The school is yet to issue any statement on the incident.<br /><br />The Coimbatore police have arrested a 31-year-old teacher at Chinmaya Vidyalaya, a prominent school in the city, for allegedly sexually assaulting a class 12 student he taught. The shocking incident came to light after the 17-year-old girl died by suicide on Friday, November 11. Her family members and friend alleged that she was sexually assaulted and then harassed by the accused teacher, Mithun Chakravarthy, over a period of six months in school. Mithun was arrested on November 13, Saturday. And the police have now included WhatsApp chats and an audio clip of a phone conversation he had with the deceased girl prior to her death{% endraw %}
