---
title: "Toddler Learning Video | Baby Videos for Babies and Toddlers | First Words | Learn to Talk | Speech"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GEZnTa6FK2E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GEZnTa6FK2E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["baby videos for babies","for babies to watch","educational videos for toddlers"]
date: "2021-11-20T04:11:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-16T09:18:56Z"
duration: "P0D"
viewcount: "136820"
likeCount: "446"
dislikeCount: "194"
channel: "Songs for Littles - Toddler Learning Videos"
---
{% raw %}Have your toddler learn with a real teacher, Ms. Rachel! Our learning videos for toddlers aim to encourage babies and toddlers to learn to talk and practice speech, songs, and nursery rhymes that help children learn gestures, imitation, and language. Toddlers will learn songs, words, and animals! We have many toddler learning videos, for babies to preschoolers on our YouTube so please check out more of our learning videos for toddlers! We’d love to have you as part of the Songs for Littles family. Check out our Talking Time, Learn To Talk, First Words, Baby Sign Language, Phonics, music classes, Baby Videos, and Preschool for Littles Videos! We know you'll love this high-quality, research-based toddler learning video! We have the best learning video for toddlers! <br /><br />♥︎ Check out all of our toddler music learning videos and baby music classes in this playlist <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2KUmGPW">https://bit.ly/2KUmGPW</a> <br />♥︎ Sign-up for our newsletter <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.songsforlittles.com/mailinglist">https://www.songsforlittles.com/mailinglist</a> <br />♥︎ Like us on Facebook <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/songsforlittles">https://www.facebook.com/songsforlittles</a> <br />♥︎ Follow us on Instagram <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/songsforlittles/">https://www.instagram.com/songsforlittles/</a><br /><br />If you think your child has a speech delay, definitely talk to your pediatrician now. You may qualify for free speech therapy through your state's early intervention program. You can also get evaluated by a speech therapist. The earlier you do this, the better! I am not a speech therapist myself. I am a music teacher with a master's in music education. We do have a speech therapist on our team. <br /><br />This video also includes a section of very slow speech practice at the end which may be helpful for children with speech delays and apraxia.  It includes baby sign language throughout the video, which is shown to enhance speech development and show the power of communication. It will not impede speech development. I also model baby babbling because babble is important in the development of speech. <br /><br />Ms. Rachel has a master's degree in music education from NYU. She has also been a toddler teacher at a school for children with special needs including autism, apraxia, speech delays, developmental delays, down syndrome, and cerebral palsy. She has worked in homes to support families with children with special needs. She believes all children are gifted, precious and our teachers as well! <br /><br />We have many more baby learning videos, toddler learning videos, and preschool learning videos on our YouTube page. We are incredibly passionate about early childhood education! We put a lot of time, care, and research into each learning video for toddlers we create. Our videos are interactive screen time not not passive screen time because research shows that this is most beneficial. We also have full baby music classes and full toddler music classes. <br /><br />We use simple songs, music, basic sign language, and first words to build vocabulary. We also include social-emotional learning. I show gestures and signs because are they are incredibly important building blocks for language development.   We have many videos with fun baby songs and toddler songs, and we also have videos that aim to help with speech development and first words. We also have preschool videos for preschoolers. These are great videos for teaching toddlers preschool readiness skills! They are full of preschool lessons that are great for 1 year olds, 2 year olds, 3 year olds, 4 year olds and even 5 year olds or older! We also have preschool music classes. <br /><br />Many people are involved in designing our videos. On our team we have: a speech-language pathologist, a reading specialist, a Broadway musician, an early childhood curriculum specialist, a child and family therapist, and award-winning songwriters! <br /><br />If you have a baby, 1 year old, 2-year-old, 3-year-old, 4-year-old or 5-year-old, our channel is perfect for you! These are some of the best educational videos for kids you will find. Our Learn To Talk for Toddlers videos show First Words and functional speech may be helpful to children with speech delays or speech disorders. These are very interactive baby videos for babies to watch. <br /><br />We put your baby first and not entertainment value. That is why there is no loud music during the presentation of words. <br /><br />Even parents enjoy the educational videos we create. Our videos are wonderful for preschoolers, kindergarteners, and even elementary students. Our videos are in English and we purposefully speak slowly and clearly for optimal learning. We hope you enjoy our English learning videos for toddlers.<br /><br />#videosfortoddlers #toddlerlearningvideo #learntotalk #speech #speechdelay #babysignlanguage #educationalvideosfortoddlers #babies #videosforbabies #toddlervideos #babyvideos #speech #songs #videosforbabies{% endraw %}
