---
title: "What is a French Top? | Pro Ranges and Rangetops"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/uUT4fl3Tw4Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "uUT4fl3Tw4Y"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["best french top range","french top range wolf","la cornue"]
date: "2021-12-04T19:20:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-11T22:30:05Z"
duration: "PT2M15S"
viewcount: "5679"
likeCount: "50"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Yale Appliance"
---
{% raw %}In this video you'll learn what a French top is and why you may want it on your next pro-style range or rangetop. You'll learn how a French top works, the advantages and disadvantages of them, how they differ from a griddle, and the best brands to look at if you're shopping for one.<br /><br />Some of the brands you'll learn about are Wolf, Bluestar and La Cornue.<br /><br />--------<br /><br />What is the best Pro Range? It depends on how you cook...<br /><br />The best professional ranges can achieve a high BTU power output and a precision simmer to bring you more versatility in your kitchen. Pro Ranges come in many different sizes 30&quot;, 36&quot;, 48&quot;, and even 60&quot;.<br /><br />There are many different options for the tops. This can be different types of burners, griddles, double griddles, grills, French tops, induction tops and even a sous vide. This allows you a lot of versatility in your cooking abilities.<br /><br />Make sure you always have proper ventilation over your range so you can capture all the heat, smoke and grease.<br /><br />There are a few different combinations in fuel types - all-gas or dual fuel. All gas uses only gas in the top and the oven, whereas dual fuel uses gas on the top and electric ovens. This allows you<br /><br />to decide if you like to bake, roast, broil or any other kind of oven cooking that may benefit from a certain fuel type.<br /><br />Some ranges have smart features that include touchscreens, intelligent cooking modes, and even Wi-Fi connectivity which allows you to control the range through your phone.<br /><br />---------<br /><br />Interested in learning more?<br /><br />Get our free Pro Cooking Buying Guide with honest reviews of all the most popular brands and updates on new tech and trends <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://blog.yaleappliance.com/free-pro-cooking-buying-guide">https://blog.yaleappliance.com/free-pro-cooking-buying-guide</a><br /><br />Learning Center:<br /><br />Visit our Learning Center, home to all our most popular videos, articles, and buying guides about all things in the appliance world. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://blog.yaleappliance.com/resource-center">https://blog.yaleappliance.com/resource-center</a><br /><br />Yale Appliance:<br /><br />Browse hundreds of in-stock products from the most popular appliance brands. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.yaleappliance.com/">https://www.yaleappliance.com/</a><br /><br />If you liked this video, just forget to LIKE and SUBSCRIBE. Thanks for watching!<br /><br />---------<br /><br />Chapters<br /><br />0:00 Intro<br /><br />0:25 French tops vs griddles<br /><br />0:51 Best brands to consider<br /><br />1:15 Is a French top right for you?{% endraw %}
