---
title: "Helping hand to elephant suffering from festering wound in the foot"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zTfjrlEkuyk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zTfjrlEkuyk"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["Elephant zone","protect elephants","save elephant"]
date: "2021-12-07T07:36:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-06T12:27:14Z"
duration: "PT9M56S"
viewcount: "10160"
likeCount: "297"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "Elephant Zone"
---
{% raw %}Hello everybody, you all are warmly welcome to elephant zone. We are back with another treatment mission to save the life of a majestic giant.<br />This is a field treatment to elephant suffering from severe injury foot injury. <br />The officials of department of wildlife conservation got an alert about a distressed elephant limping with some trouble in front right leg. The team reached the location as soon as possible to help the destitute elephant.<br />Before reaching the elephant they decided to prepare the medications in advance. Sedative drugs and antibiotics were prepared in calculated dose.<br />The team reached the spot despite all the obstacles. The geographical condition in areas where the Asian elephant live is completely different from African regions where there is a flat terrain. With the dense tree cover and undulated lands, reaching the spot is really challenging.<br />After several hours of search, they were able to locate the elephant. They darted the elephant with tranquilizer gun keeping a safer distance.<br />The team started inspecting and treating the unconscious elephant. OMG! There’s a septic wound on the elephant’s foot. It seems that this this is a bit older wound. This innocent giant may have suffered from this from a longer time. Without being noticed by anyone. Without any treatment, the wound was in a festering stage. The cause for the injury is still unknown. May be it is due to a thorn stuck with the feet. The injured feet is infected with secondary microbial attack. <br />Antibiotics are injected to the elephant’s body to avoid the infection and boost the immunity   to heal the wound. They applied antibiotic spray on the injured leg. Pain killers and anti- inflammatory were injected in to elephant’s body to overcome the pain associated with the wound. <br />After all the treatments the revival drug was given to the ear of the elephant. They’ll continue to monitor the elephant regularly until it gains a complete recovery. <br />After a several times elephant showed signs of regaining the consciousness. Elephant was soon back on his feet and slowly walked in to the forest. <br />This gentle giant may have suffering from an unspeakable pain in the forest. They can’t express their needs and pain like the human. It may have died silently if the elephant wasn’t noticed by the people who are willing to help the distressed animal. The wildlife officers render an immense service being a voice to unspeakable giants. <br /><br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0PmZvE9ONFZAJ4JCs79JGg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0PmZvE9ONFZAJ4JCs79JGg/join</a><br /><br />Stay with us to watch more videos on majestic elephants and don’t forget to subscribe our channel. Enjoy and let us know your comments about in this video.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2VNE94E">https://bit.ly/2VNE94E</a><br />#elephantZone      #foottreatment    #elephantfootinjured{% endraw %}
