---
title: "Would Crude Oil Rush Towards $85? | Crude Oil Forecast for 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/v3H860oz-aU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "v3H860oz-aU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Crude oil","Crude oil forecast","Crude oil 2022"]
date: "2021-12-07T00:36:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-06T16:00:26Z"
duration: "PT13M52S"
viewcount: "1098"
likeCount: "107"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Capital.com"
---
{% raw %}Here is our next video about crude oil forecast for 2022. The crude oil forecast today shows that oil could soar to new highs in 2022 pushed by OPEC’s limited capacity to push production. <br /><br />Analysts claim that the group could adhere to 400,000 barrel-per-day monthly increase of WTI crude during the first half of 2022 to balance the market but it could struggle to deliver monthly growth of more than 250,000 barrels of WTI crude oil per day once the output is reinstated - that is according to the Crude oil price forecast.<br /><br />The crude oil forecast next week might shed more light over the impact of the Omicron variant over the prices of riskier assets like Crude oil. Potentially, new abrupt enforcements of lockdown measures from governments around the world due to new Covid-19 variants in 2022 could send Crude oil 2022 price on a wild ride. <br /><br />The rising dollar could also be a factor for next year’s WTI oil price. The prospects of rising interest rates from the Fed and higher inflation are pushing the dollar index which could cause more turbulence in WTI crude 2022. <br /><br />Watch‌ ‌the‌ ‌full‌ ‌video‌ ‌for‌ ‌our‌ ‌take‌ ‌on‌ Crude oil forecast and‌ ‌‌a‌ ‌deeper‌ ‌insight‌ ‌into‌ ‌what‌ ‌to‌ ‌expect‌ in the months ahead ‌from‌ our WTI crude oil forecast. ‌Drop‌ ‌us‌ ‌a‌ ‌line‌ ‌in‌ ‌the‌ ‌comments‌ ‌with‌ ‌your‌ ‌thoughts‌ ‌on‌ the Crude oil 2022.<br /> ‌<br />To‌ ‌be‌ ‌notified‌ ‌about‌ ‌the‌ latest Crude oil price prediction and news,‌ ‌subscribe‌ ‌to‌ the Capital.com channel,‌ ‌and‌ ‌click‌ ‌that‌ ‌notification‌ ‌bell.‌<br /><br />00:00 Intro<br />01:47 Where could we see Oil in 2022?<br />05:37 Support and resistance<br />06:20 Technical analysis<br />13:04 Recap<br /><br />***<br />Explore trading and start investing with Capital.com.<br /><br />CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 75.26% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.<br /><br />This video is for general information only and is not intended to provide trading or investment advice or any personal recommendations.  The information in this video is indicative, and may become out of date at any given time.<br /><br />Capital.com shall not be responsible for any loss that you incur, either directly or indirectly, arising from any investment based on any information in this video.  Any information relating to past performance of an investment does not necessarily guarantee future performance.<br /><br />Please remember spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage,  You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Invest only what you can afford to lose.  These products may not be suitable for all clients, we therefore recommend that you seek independent advice and ensure you fully understand the risk involved before trading.  You do not own, or have any interest in the underlying assets.<br /><br />Professional clients can incur losses that exceed their deposits when spread betting and trading CFDs.{% endraw %}
