---
title: "Superyacht SIREN is available to charter with Burgess"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XFRPdlNH9bo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XFRPdlNH9bo"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Superyacht","SIREN","available"]
date: "2021-10-26T17:01:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-31T14:00:11Z"
duration: "PT3M16S"
viewcount: "112834"
likeCount: "157"
dislikeCount: "22"
channel: "Burgess"
---
{% raw %}SIREN is 73 metres of cool sophistication. Boasting acres of deck space, this superyacht is designed for outdoor living, with infinite sunbathing options, an outdoor cinema and a choice of al fresco dining areas.<br /><br />Her cool, bright interior is devoid of clutter, creating clean lines and a calm, relaxing ambience throughout. The impressive main salon is a popular chill out area and a large, stylish space for entertaining, with a long dining table for formal dinners. Continuing the indoor/outdoor theme, a circular bar connects the salon with the aft deck which is large enough that all guests can be in the same place without feeling crowded, whether relaxing on the sofas, or the loungers on the raised circular sunbathing platform.<br /><br />Head to the bridge deck's luxurious indoor movie theatre with its three double daybeds, large screen and blacked out walls for the full cinema experience. Guests love catching up on major sporting events, or watching a movie in the cinema, at any time of day. Enjoy a leisurely breakfast in the sheltered bridge deck dining area, then take a coffee and a newspaper (printed on board) to the aft seating area and make the most of the morning sun.<br /><br />The sun deck is the hub of this luxury charter yacht during the day. The forward section is a sunbathing haven with a refreshing jacuzzi, and sun pads at every angle. On the shaded aft deck, take a morning yoga class or an early evening massage then, when it gets dark, kick back on the sofas as the area is transformed into an atmospheric outdoor cinema.<br /><br />SIREN's accommodation is fresh and tranquil, with six cabins for 12 guests. The master suite is airy and spacious with full length windows, an office and a fold-down balcony. Extensive storage space is provided in the walk-in wardrobe, which leads into large his and hers bathrooms with Lalique fittings. A fold-down double bed can be assembled in the office area and sectioned off to create additional family accommodation.<br /><br />Four en suite cabins are located on the lower deck, including a VIP with a sofa area and desk, two double cabins and a twin. A further double cabin is positioned on the bridge deck, with an elevator connecting all three interior levels.<br /><br />Work out in the cool, shaded beach club gym with its fresh air and water level view. Then cool off in the sea-pool, leap off the swim platform or ask the crew to launch the extensive selection of action-packed watertoys.<br /><br />Built<br />2008 (refitted 2013), Nobiskrug, Germany<br /><br />Length<br />73.5m (241.2ft)<br /><br />Guests<br />12 in 6 cabins<br /><br />Key features<br />- Fold-out balcony in the master suite<br />- A dedicated indoor cinema room, plus an outdoor cinema on the sun deck<br />- Beach club/gym<br />- On board masseuse, spa treatments and personal trainer<br />- Elevator from lower deck to bridge deck<br />- Capacity to download and print daily newspapers on board<br />- Zero speed stabilisers to reduce any rolling motion while at anchor<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.burgessyachts.com/en/charter-a-yacht/yachts-for-charter/siren-00005739">https://www.burgessyachts.com/en/charter-a-yacht/yachts-for-charter/siren-00005739</a>{% endraw %}
