---
title: "Friends of Felines' Rescue Center"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oUZq-htdYcA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oUZq-htdYcA"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["FFRC","Friends of Felines Rescue Center","animals"]
date: "2021-11-15T01:28:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-27T18:57:41Z"
duration: "P0D"
viewcount: "334618"
likeCount: "2265"
dislikeCount: "53"
channel: "FOFRescueCenter"
---
{% raw %}The Rescue has multiple camera streams. On this one, you can chat with the staff live as it is the main camera. Make a chat name and come in and chat. Interact and learn more about cats. No cat question is too silly.<br /><br />Second camera, the Kabana Cam, is at:-<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DawnstarukLindsayFFRC">https://www.youtube.com/c/DawnstarukLindsayFFRC</a><br /><br />Our Web page is<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.fofrescue.org/">https://www.fofrescue.org/</a><br />Please visit it and read our code of conduct for the chat.<br /><br />Our BLOG page is<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://fofrescue.blogspot.com/">https://fofrescue.blogspot.com/</a><br />All content is copyright protected © FFRC Defiance Ohio 2018<br /><br />Friends of Felines’ Rescue Center<br />14597 PowerDam Road<br />Defiance, Ohio 43512<br />419-393-2400<br />fofrescue@gmail.com<br /><br />All staff, Vols, Moderators and chatters are dedicated to helping animals. <br />This includes many countries from around the world helping in many ways.<br /><br />Live Chat Code of Conduct<br /><br />Here are a few common sense guidelines to make everyone’s experience more enjoyable.<br /><br />This is a fully moderated chat that is strictly G rated for the benefit of children and adult members. We want you to feel welcome to chat while remembering that posting is a privilege, not a right.<br /><br />Potential adopters, visitors, and volunteers in the Rescue Center can see the cam view and chat on a monitor just as you are seeing them, so your chat should be as polite and respectful of them as it is to fellow posters.<br /><br />• If you see something on chat that is inappropriate or if you view actions by a visitor that are inappropriate, bring it to the attention of a moderator (mod). Do not post any negative comments on the chat about what you read or see. If the mod feels a phone call to the Rescue Center is needed, the mod will make that phone call. Let the mods do their job. Please respect the mods who are volunteering here. They are here to make sure all viewers have a good experience. Mods will delete inappropriate posts and ban chat abusers as they deem necessary.<br />• Please do not use CAPITAL letters except for abbreviations. This is considered yelling and not very respectful. Your comment(s) may be removed. Also, links are not allowed on YouTube chat except by mods.<br />• Use of language that is deemed inappropriate, including inappropriate words with characters replacing letters, will be removed. Do not use profanity, personal insults, or other inappropriate comments.<br />• Continuously posting the same word, phrase, icon, etc., in rapid succession is not permitted. YouTube has rules in effect that limit the number of emoticons you can post to not more than 3 or the bot will remove your post and put you in a 5-second time out. YouTube also limits the number of posts you can make within a certain time frame. While good- natured ribbing from established friends is acceptable when appropriate, behavior that makes other chat members uncomfortable is not acceptable.<br />• Please keep the negative news of the world, religion, and politics out of our chat room. While we all have our opinions on things, we want to keep our chat neutral and friendly.<br />• Please realize we are an international group of friends and words you deem suitable may be removed due to cultural meanings. Please do not be offended by this.<br />• Do not use multiple user names. This is masquerading and the names will be removed. Mods are allowed to have a mod name and a chat-only name.<br />• Please help protect mods a little! The moderators are human and do make mistakes that may not have been intentional. Please send a polite message to the mod if you feel their action was unfair. It is possible a simple explanation can resolve the issue.<br /><br />This is a safe and enjoyable site, so let’s protect its environment. Please avoid all comments regarding animal abuse, declawing, alcohol or drugs, religion, and politics or your comment may be removed.<br /><br />For your safety, don’t post your email address or your Facebook name in chat as they can be viewed by the general public and non-members of FFRC chat. This could result in unwanted e-mails or contacts. As in all internet activities, be conscious of what personal information you post.<br /><br />Do not solicit donations to private parties or to other organizations. This chat is for Friends of Felines’ Rescue Center only! Please do not make posts in regards to personal need of funds. These types of posts should be put on your own personal FB page.{% endraw %}
