---
title: "This is a HUGE Xbox update!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SF8TFAyeGeY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SF8TFAyeGeY"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Xbox","Xbox Ready","Xbox One S"]
date: "2021-11-25T14:00:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-24T18:32:10Z"
duration: "PT15M12S"
viewcount: "36003"
likeCount: "1497"
dislikeCount: "57"
channel: "Xbox Ready"
---
{% raw %}Check out the November Software Update for the Xbox Series X and Series S!<br /><br />Get a Xbox Series X - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/Xbox-Series-X">https://geni.us/Xbox-Series-X</a><br />Get a Xbox Series S - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/Xbox-Series-S">https://geni.us/Xbox-Series-S</a><br />Get Xbox Game Pass - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/Xbox-GamePass">https://geni.us/Xbox-GamePass</a><br /><br />MUST HAVE Xbox Accessories<br />Official 1TB Xbox SSD - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/Xbox-1TB-SSD">https://geni.us/Xbox-1TB-SSD</a><br />Official 4TB Xbox Hard Drive - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/4TB-Xbox-HardDrive">https://geni.us/4TB-Xbox-HardDrive</a><br />Xbox Elite Series 2 Controller - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/XboxEliteSeries2">https://geni.us/XboxEliteSeries2</a><br />Xbox Headsets - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://geni.us/Xbox-Headsets">https://geni.us/Xbox-Headsets</a><br /><br />By using our affiliate links we may receive compensation for purchases through those links.<br /><br />Forza Got Robbed:<br />The Game Awards errs bias towards cinematic action games, snubbing sports games, mobile games, and well, practically anything that doesn't fit into a very specific Hollywood-shaped hole. There are rare occasions where titles rise up that can break free of this close-minded thinking, such as Overwatch, but it's unusual to see a game nominated, let alone awarded, when there isn't a big-budget cinematic story interwoven with the gameplay. This mentality betrays the diversity that gaming represents.<br /><br />If there was ever a year where a racing game deserved to be nominated, 2021 was exactly it.<br /><br />Forza Horizon 5 might not be a cinematic tear-jerker of a game, but it's no less worthy of being nominated. This is a game that currently enjoys a position at the top of 2021's Metacritic metascore, which averages out scores from hundreds of different review sites and YouTubers. This is a game that will probably see more players than all of the current nominations combined over the course of their lifetimes. This is a game that will touch more lives and create more friendships and relationships than all of the current nominees and is also arguably the most technically impressive game on the docket.<br /><br />No Elder Scrolls on PS5:<br />Microsoft did allow previously announced and released titles like Deathloop, Ghostwire: Tokyo, and The Elder Scrolls Online to come out on non-Xbox consoles. But the tenor of Microsoft's statements about future Bethesda releases began to change in March, when Microsoft confirmed that &quot;some new [Bethesda] titles in the future... will be exclusive to Xbox and PC players.&quot; By June, that set of &quot;some&quot; titles included Starfield, the highly anticipated space epic that will be exclusive to Xbox Series X/S and PC for its planned launch next year. Bethesda Senior VP of Marketing and Communications Pete Hines apologized for that state of affairs days later, saying he was &quot;certain that [exclusivity] is frustrating to folks, but there's not a whole lot I can do about it.&quot;<br />Given all that, Elder Scrolls' absence from non-Xbox consoles might not be surprising. But some fans were still holding out hope that Bethesda's massive fantasy RPG franchise would be a Minecraft-style exception to the general rule that Microsoft-owned games only appear on Microsoft platforms. After all, Bethesda producer/director Todd Howard told GamesIndustry.biz last October that it would be &quot;hard to imagine&quot; that the next Elder Scrolls game wouldn't be allowed on non-Xbox consoles.<br /><br />Design Lab Update:<br /><br />Earlier this year we brought back Xbox Design Lab, our customization program that offers different ways to create your own personalized Xbox Wireless Controller. Since then, the community has created hundreds of thousands of unique designs tailored to their personality and style.<br /><br />Today, we’re excited to announce that rubberized grips and metallic finishes are returning to Xbox Design Lab along with new color customization options, giving you even more combinations to choose from.<br /><br />In addition to all the original customization options available in Xbox Design Lab, we’ve added:<br /><br />Black rubberized grips available on both the back case and side grips for added comfort and control<br />19 new metallic finish colors for D-Pads and Triggers including: Sterling Silver, Pewter Silver, Gunmetal Silver, Abyss Black, Retro Pink, Deep Pink, Oxide Red, Zest Orange, Gold, Electric Volt, Velocity Green, Glacier Blue, Dragonfly Blue, Mineral Blue, Photon Blue, Midnight Blue, Regal Purple, Nocturnal Green, and Warm Gold<br />3 new color options for controller parts<br />Introducing Dragonfly Blue<br /><br />Xbox Update:<br /><br />Earlier this year we brought back Xbox Design Lab, our customization program that offers different ways to create your own personalized Xbox Wireless Controller. Since then, the community has created hundreds of thousands of unique designs tailored to their personality and style.<br /><br />Today, we’re excited to announce that rubberized grips and metallic finishes are returning to Xbox Design Lab along with new color customization options, giving you even more combinations to choose from.{% endraw %}
