---
title: "Learn How to Transform ANY Cheap Table into something Beautiful"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PlMrAfcXexA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PlMrAfcXexA"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["epoxy","epoxy countertop","art resin"]
date: "2021-12-11T02:07:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-08T19:23:00Z"
duration: "PT11M31S"
viewcount: "20595"
likeCount: "1167"
dislikeCount: "14"
channel: "Stone Coat Countertops"
---
{% raw %}WE’RE GIVING THIS EPOXY TOP AWAY FOR FREE!!! All you have to do is subscribe to our channel and drop a comment. Watch the video to learn all the details and see what cool Epoxy Table you can have in your home! Learn How to Transform ANY Cheap Table into something Beautiful: In this video we teach you how easy it is to create functional durable art for your countertops and other surfaces in your home. Watch and find out the easy Pro Tip into making your edges come out perfectly every time. You Got This! <br /><br />0:00 - Intro to Learn How to Transform ANY Cheap Table into something Beautiful<br />0:35 - Painting MDF with Epoxy undercoat to get ready for Stone Coat Epoxy<br />1:01 - How to stone coat over your existing surfaces, and how to prep counter edges<br />1:39 - How to mix Epoxy resin and for how long<br />1:58 - Adding epoxy color additives (metallic powders and dyes)<br />2:29 - EPOXY TABLE GIVEAWAY make sure to subscribe!<br />3:46 - Pouring out epoxy to make it look like gray marble (using your hands)<br />6:17 - Using a heat gun on your epoxy project to create beautiful effects (also pops bubbles)<br />6:54 - This simple trick will make any of your epoxy projects turn out that much better<br />9:30 - Peeling tape of the edges 2 hours later to get perfect looking epoxy edges<br />10:37 - Final results of transforming wood into beautiful gray marble<br /><br /><br />Insiders Group: <br />Join the Stone Coat Countertop Insiders Group for the latest tips and tricks, your fellow Epoxy friends all join in on the Q&amp;A, project pictures, recipes, and more. <br /><br />Stone Coat Countertops Jingle By Johnnie Ferro<br />Contact him for your very own custom music!<br />323-213-1132<br /><br />About us:<br />Stone Coat Countertops is an epoxy based YouTube channel that will show you unique ways to DIY your way to an amazing kitchen, bath, resin art, construction, or design project on a budget.  We believe in teaching skills in, woodworking, art, epoxy floors, epoxy countertops, and showing how to get realistic results to make your old laminate, tile countertop, formica, concrete countertop, garage floor, and walls look like renewed works of resin art! Simply put we are always looking for our next project to help all the DIY folks, contractors, designers, artists, and hobbyist, tackle their next makeover. Watch our free how to videos on the skills to make your dreams come to life with epoxy resin!  Contact us anytime for free project support, (541) 450-1976 You Got This! <br /> Want to learn more about what we do?  These are the subjects we cover from start to finish! epoxy, epoxy countertop, epoxy flooring, painting with acrylics, art resin, painting, painting countertops, dirty pour, epoxy metallic, epoxy metallic floor, epoxy table, epoxy resin, epoxy resin table, diy, woodworking.<br /><br />#StoneCoatCountertops #epoxy #YouGotThis{% endraw %}
