---
title: "Kundalini Energy Music To (INCREASE & STIMULATE INNER POWER MEDITATION!!!) Theta Wave Binaural Beats"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WcvUVIfzhzg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WcvUVIfzhzg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["55hz","7hz","8hz"]
date: "2021-10-20T15:08:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-19T17:36:57Z"
duration: "PT1H11M11S"
viewcount: "2289"
likeCount: "200"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "SONIC ELEVATOR - Powerful Brainwave Meditations"
---
{% raw %}Kundalini Energy Music To (INCREASE INNER POWER MEDITATION) Theta Wave Binaural Beats - Song called THE TEMPLE OF FIRE &amp; ICE<br /><br />The sonic elevator is back with the kundalini series of epic spiritual kundalini awakening music and kundalini meditation enjoyment. The temple of fire &amp; ice is a sonic elevator original music creation and comes in fresh with that unique sonic elevator spiritual style. I always said my kundalini music series has to sound epic and be a certain way, which I have been aiming to create for a while. Not overly intense but packing a potent 55 Hz custom settings that are part of a more oversized combo of considerations. This music will also guide the listener into a mid to upper theta meditation. Perfect for yoga art or any creative session of art or design. At the same time can be enjoyed to relax or even dive deep into a personal meditation.<br /><br />This music creation is a sonic elevator powerful brainwave meditations, after all! It is my pleasure to create and offer unique music and brainwave and tonal-assisted themes and designs! The temple of fire &amp; ice kundalini music theme is a perfect new edition to the sonic elevator original music library!<br /><br />HAPPY ELEVATING!  <br /><br />Meditation. The most effective method of awakening kundalini for thousands of years is meditation, providing you with a limitless array of potential physical, emotional, psychological, and spiritual benefits.<br /><br />✅ Download High-Quality MP3 OR WAV Of This Music: Not available<br /><br />1 - LIE DOWN, CLOSE YOUR EYES<br />2 - MAKE SURE YOU RELAXING AND READY FOR A DEEP MEDITATION<br />3 - ALWAYS ADJUST VOLUME LEVEL TO PERFECTION<br />4 - WORKS WITH OR WITHOUT HEADPHONES<br /><br />Sonic Elevator - Powerful Brainwave Meditation Music Youtube Channel is devoted to creating the Most Powerful Music For Meditation and a collection of the best meditation music videos for your higher consciousness and spiritual growth, through your daily meditations. In my channel, you will find meditation music with Theta frequency, Binaural beats, Monaural beats, Isochronic tones, and solfeggio frequency. My goal is for you, the listener, to connect to your higher self-consciousness. As a side effect of meditation music, you might experience out-of-body experiences, astral travels, lucid dreaming, relaxed state of mind, healing of your body and mind, stress reduction, and many more. Happy Elevating Love and Gratitude always to all.<br /><br />I own all 100% rights to all original music I created for Sonic Elevator - Powerful Brainwave Meditations 2021 (c). This is the official channel and the only place this music should appear on youtube. <br /><br />#SonicElevator​ #PowerfulBrainwaveMeditations​ #Kundalini​EnergyMusic #BinauralBeats​ <br />#IsochronicTones​  #KundaliniMusic​ #KundaliniBinauralBeats​ #KundaliniEnergyMeditation #SpiritualDrumsMusic{% endraw %}
