---
title: "DELETED VIDEO Darren Gee & Daniel Lazar a.k.a Living In London (July 2021) 18+"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gi56_hHX6-M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gi56_hHX6-M"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["internet beef","drama","internet drama"]
date: "2021-11-08T18:38:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-08T12:54:30Z"
duration: "PT30M44S"
viewcount: "237"
likeCount: "12"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Karma Corner News TV"
---
{% raw %}Darren Gee &amp; Daniel Lazar a.k.a Living In London  (July 2021)<br /><br />#DarrenGee &amp; #DanielLazar a.k.a #LivingInLondon  (July 2021)<br />#KarmaCorner<br />Darren Gee REAL CRIME REAL TIME PODCAST &amp; LIVING IN LONDON Daniel Lazar <br />Instagram live JULY 2021<br />DARREN GEE YouTube CHANNEL<br />THE REAL CRIME REAL-TIME PODCAST<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/THEREALCRIMEREALTIMEPODCASTl5alive">https://www.youtube.com/c/THEREALCRIMEREALTIMEPODCASTl5alive</a><br /><br />DANIEL LAZAR, YouTube CHANNELLiving in L<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="ondonhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmT3Q_Kek4hhQOcdPomaNWA/featured">ondonhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmT3Q_Kek4hhQOcdPomaNWA/featured</a><br /><br /><br />This Channel #KarmaCorner was created to counter the Social Media culture of &quot;internet hard men&quot; Internet bullies, and bullshit artists that think they can just abuse people online, make threats and false claims.<br />FOLLOW US OR DROP US A MESSAGE ON TWITTER<br />So It was decided that this channel would be to redress there actions. NOT WITH THREATS, NOT WITH BULLSHIT, BUT WITH HUMOUR &amp; FACTS<br />TO THE Bully &amp; FAKE INTERNET HARD MEN with libelous comments and actions We will look at you ,laugh at you, throw your shit back at you. Show you for what you are, and let others see what you really are.<br />Sit back and enjoy the ride.<br /><br />All information on this channel  and our mobile application is provided in good faith, however we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Channel  or our mobile application<br />What is &quot;Fair Use&quot;?<br /><br />In many countries, certain uses of copyright-protected works do not infringe the copyright owner’s rights. For example, in the United Kingdom, copyright rights are limited by the doctrine of &quot;fair use,&quot; under which certain uses of copyrighted material for, but not limited to, criticism, commentary, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, or research may be considered fair. UK. judges determine whether a fair use defense is valid according to four factors, which we’ve listed below for educational purposes. In some other countries, there is a similar concept called &quot;fair dealing&quot; that may be applied differently.<br /><br />Remember, it is your responsibility to understand the relevant law and whether it protects the use you have in mind. If you plan to use copyrighted material you didn’t create, we'd strongly advise you to take legal advice first. Google cannot provide legal advice or make legal determinations.<br />The four factors of fair use:<br /><br />1. The purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes<br /><br />Courts typically focus on whether the use is “transformative.” That is, whether it adds new expression or meaning to the original, or whether it merely copies from the original.<br /><br />2. The nature of the copyrighted work<br /><br />Using material from primarily factual works is more likely to be fair than using purely fictional works.<br /><br />3. The amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole<br /><br />Borrowing small bits of material from an original work is more likely to be considered fair use than borrowing large portions. However, even a small taking may weigh against fair use in some situations if it constitutes the “heart” of the work.<br /><br />4. The effect of the use upon the potential market for, or value of, the copyrighted work<br /><br />Uses that harm the copyright owner's ability to profit from his or her original work by serving as a replacement for demand for that work are less likely to be fair uses.{% endraw %}
