---
title: "Developing The World's Most Advanced Valve Pedals | Dept. 10 | Engineer Interview"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UEc1Kak4uDo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UEc1Kak4uDo"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["blackstar amplification","blackstar","guitar amplifiers"]
date: "2021-11-23T01:47:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-12T12:27:15Z"
duration: "PT23M29S"
viewcount: "4268"
likeCount: "104"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Blackstar Amplification"
---
{% raw %}--------------------Contents of this video----------------------------------<br /><br />00:00 Introduction <br />00:27 Range Overview<br />01:04 Boost Overview<br />01:24 Boost Tones<br />03:11 Dual Drive Overview<br />04:04 Dual Drive Tones<br />04:40 Inbuilt FX Loop Demo<br />05:33 Amp Replacement Demo<br />06:41 Cab Rig™ Speaker Sim Demo<br />07:51 Dual Drive Cab Rig™ Tones<br />08:53 Cab Rig™ Features - Cabinet Choices<br />10:51 Cab Rig™ Features - Mic Choices<br />12:31 Cab Rig™ Features - Room Choices<br />13:48 Cab Rig™ Features - Power Amp Choices<br />18:08 Cab Rig™ Features - Master EQ Choices<br />21:48 Dual Dist Cab Rig™ Tones<br />22:36 Cab Rig™ Features - Randomise<br /><br /><br />Dept. 10 is the Blackstar R&amp;D team responsible for blue sky innovation and design. This team of engineers are all musicians and are constantly researching new ideas to help create your perfect tone. They have developed the world’s most advanced valve pedals. Dept. 10 pedals all use an ECC83 triode valve at their heart, running at more than 200V internally which allows them to deliver organic tone, dynamics and break up. Innovative design, premium components and our advanced Cab Rig D.I. technology, create the ultimate valve pedals.<br /><br />Many players choose to create their sound using a pedal setup these days, so we wanted to bring the organic dynamics, tone and break up of a valve preamp into a compact pedal that integrates simply into any setup. By combining traditional high voltage valve design with our latest technology we have created the world’s most advanced valve pedals.<br /><br />Three models: Dual Drive, Dual Distortion, and Boost.<br /><br />Running at more than 200V, the ECC83 triode at the heart of<br />these pedals delivers organic dynamics, tone and break up.<br /><br />BOOST: The ultimate high voltage valve boost pedal. Combining a Class A gain stage and natural sounding passive James-Baxandall EQ this class-leading pedal is like adding two extra hot valve stages to your amp.<br /><br />The Boost’s built-in buffer / line driver is perfect for preserving your tone when using long cables, or large pedalboards, even driving low impedance pedals like many wah-wahs.<br /><br />DUALS: The best valve drive or distortion pedal you will ever own and a world-class valve recording preamp – with 3 crunch/overdrive voices alongside the clean channel, option our patented ISF control, low latency USB, XLR out and Dept. 10’s proprietary Cab Rig simulator technology.<br /><br />Dual Drive and Dual Distortion include Cab Rig, our next generation DSP speaker simulator that reproduces the sound and feel of a mic’d up guitar cab in incredible detail. Deepdive using the accompanying free software and capture the incredible tones via USB / XLR out or headphones.<br /><br />Pro connectivity and integration into your setup using low latency USB audio as a valve interface for recording, and XLR D.I. for live use. Cab Rig overcomes the shortcomings of IR ‘snapshots’ and uses state-of-the-art digital processing to reproduce the sound and feel of a mic’d up guitar cab in incredible detail<br /><br />- Effects loop for easy integration into your pedalboard.<br />- Compact pedal running at 9V.<br />- ECC83 valve driven pedals running at more than 200V like a valve amplifier.<br />- Cab Rig simulator technology built-in with low latency USB, XLR D.I. and effects loop.<br />- Compact size running at 9V.<br />- All Dept. 10 pedals come with a PSU.<br />- Complete versatility for multiple use cases:<br />- Valve overdrive or boost pedal into your amp<br />- Valve preamp<br />- Valve recording interface via low latency USB<br />- Valve preamp stage to warm up a digital amp<br />- Back-up amp via D.I. out using Cab Rig into a PA<br /><br />Stay connected with Blackstar:<br /><br />Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/blackstaramps​">https://www.facebook.com/blackstaramps​</a> <br />Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/blackstaramps​">https://www.instagram.com/blackstaramps​</a><br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/blackstaramps">https://twitter.com/blackstaramps</a>{% endraw %}
