---
title: "Customer States \"Hit A Curb Sideways\" | Just Rolled In"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ml6k0Ue-0nY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ml6k0Ue-0nY"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["customer states","customerstates","customer states compilation"]
date: "2021-11-21T08:07:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-20T22:07:19Z"
duration: "PT3M6S"
viewcount: "42381"
likeCount: "2322"
dislikeCount: "16"
channel: "Just Rolled In"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to Just Rolled In!<br /><br />For today's episode we have some customer states photos and videos from all around the web and sent in by subscribers! If you have any questions about any of the photos or videos, feel free to ask in the comments. Also check out the bottom of this description for more information about each photo &amp; clip.<br /><br />Hope you enjoyed the video and leave a like (if you want). Thanks for watching! <br /><br />If you want to submit your customer states photos / videos or car pictures, you can do so via email or Facebook.<br />Our Facebook Page<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/justrolledin">https://www.facebook.com/justrolledin</a><br />Our e-mail<br />JustRolledInYT@gmail.com<br />👉(Not all content sent in will be used and it MUST be yours)👈<br /><br /><br />Each photo &amp; video described.<br />These videos are meant to be educational but also funny, so if you have any questions don't hesitate to ask!<br /><br />0:00 Intro<br />0:05 I did not receive any more information regarding this clip. But that won't be a cheap fix. Especially since an airbag deployed!<br />0:29 Missing the nut and bolt that holds the strut to steering knuckle.<br />0:45 Seems to be a common issue with the F150's. If you do a search online you will see a lot about this happening to owners. <br />0:58 Very worn spark plugs. The electrodes are worn down because of wear and tear. Once the spark plugs were changed, the mechanic said the truck ran A LOT better.<br />1:13 More information regarding these photos: &quot;Had a customer drive a 2021 Lexus RX450h with 9k miles into the body shop at the dealer I work at after rear ending a logging truck. The 5 inch pine log almost went through the fire wall, It minced the right leadlight, ABS pump and modulator, engine ECU, motor and bay wiring harnesses, shock tower, and broke the back bank valve cover putting wood into the motor. The vehicle was driven till it shut off so motor damage amount was unknown. The estimate to get it start able was about 10k, with body work 16k, and if it needed the motor replaced about 32-38k total. Needless to say it totaled.<br />1:28 Not sure what they hit but that won't be a cheap fix as well.<br />1:43 Mechanic said the following: &quot;So a unit came in tractor trailer the driver stated until using more DEF then usual and Check engine light is on. <br />Unit had a cracked def filter cap and DEF was everywhere the worst I have even seen in my diesel career.  I changed def filter cap and I ask the driver how long is been leaking. Well turns out he's a new driver for that unit had only for 10 days so the pervious driver didn't really care I'm guessing. The CEL was on but no power loss the def system was still making require pressure. He's good now. &quot;<br />2:03 Glad to see this tow truck isn't on the roads anymore. The mechanic mentioned the truck itself they scraped but kept the tow truck body.<br />2:21 Truck came in for over heating. Very worn fan clutch that luckily didn't break off or else it would have caused more damage.<br />2:39 They didn't mention what kind of engine this was, but it looks like it might be a Cummins ISX. Mechanic mentioned this as well: &quot;It was in a manual with what I assume was a new driver at the wheel. The tech said the driver was going down a hill and over-revved it. He said the ECU recorded over 3500 rpm before it let go.&quot;<br />2:50 Mechanic said the following: &quot;The window tint in the back glass was effecting the radios antenna. Since everything is electronic, this was transferred to all the systems including the power steering.&quot;<br />2:58 Outro. Thanks for watching!{% endraw %}
