---
title: "Polish Border Guard handled 116 attempts to illegally cross the border.  NEWS 2021 12 07"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Rl8tYaPRAlU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Rl8tYaPRAlU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Poland","Warsaw","Krakow"]
date: "2021-12-09T22:53:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-09T11:00:12Z"
duration: "PT7M57S"
viewcount: "5335"
likeCount: "213"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Poland Daily Live"
---
{% raw %}The Polish Ministry of Health has announced that it plans to implement new measures designed to curb the spread of the Coronavirus, with capacity limits lowered in public spaces and remote schooling introduced for a period of two weeks.<br /><br />The world is waiting for news from today's two-hour-long telephone conversation between U.S. President Joe Biden and his Russian counterpart Alexander Putin. The phone meeting between the two leaders comes at a point where Russia's military build-up on its border with Ukraine has the national security experts around the globe on edge.<br /><br />The Polish Border Guard has announced that it has recorded 116 attempts to illegally cross into Poland in the past 24 hours. Poland also conducted 25 pushbacks of migrants across the border to Belarus. A group of 30 migrants tried to storm the fence near Czeremcha twice but was beaten back by the Polish Border Guard.<br /><br /> <br />Fewer migrants are trying to cross the frontier between Poland and Belarus now, but the Polish Border Guard told journalists visiting the previously off-limits border zone that it still faces provocations from Belarusian forces.<br />Speaking near the Kuznica border crossing, the site where Polish security services turned on water cannons on stone-throwing migrants in mid-November, Polish Border Guard Captain, Krystyna Jakimik-Jarosz told the press that the country is still under pressure.<br />(Polish) POLISH BORDER GUARD CAPTAIN, KRYSTYNA JAKIMIK-JAROSZ, SAYING:<br />&quot;During the last day, we recorded 35 illegal attempts to cross the Polish-Belarusian border. We gave 8 notices for people to leave Polish territory. Despite the decreasing number of attempts to illegally cross the border, we still have to deal with provocations from the Belarusian side. Yesterday, at 4 p.m., in the in Narewka area, we saw on the Belarusian side, a car from the Belarusian security services, from which Belarusian soldiers - every dozen metres - were throwing firecrackers.&quot;<br />Local residents are thankful for the security provided by the almost 22,000 men-strong force that Poland has mobilized along the border.<br />4. SOUNDBITE (Polish) 72-YEAR-OLD PENSIONER, CZESLAW SACHARKO, SAYING:<br />&quot;Now, we feel that we are suffering from stress, there is nothing one can do. Still, I think that with the help, like today, what we heard on TV, we see it ourselves, there is no danger for the locals here in Kuznica. We live safely.&quot;<br /> <br />The EU has now announced that EU funds could be used to build permanent border walls at the border with Belarus. <br /><br />Israel went public with the project, which also includes an above-ground fence, a naval barrier, radar systems and command and control rooms, in 2016. The Defense Ministry has stated that the barrier, which includes hundreds of cameras, radars and other sensors, spans 65 kilometers  and took 3.5 years to complete.{% endraw %}
