---
title: "15 Animals That Asked People For Help !"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3Hwn3VR7n04\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3Hwn3VR7n04"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Top","Best","education"]
date: "2021-11-28T06:56:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-27T18:00:02Z"
duration: "PT10M2S"
viewcount: "4449"
likeCount: "251"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Top 5 Best"
---
{% raw %}15 Animals That Asked People For Help !<br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br />For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: top5bestbusiness@gmail.com<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX">https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX</a><br /><br />Top 5 Best is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #top5best<br /><br />A lot of times, animals have come to our rescue. And sometimes, they’ve done so by putting their lives at risk. But there are times in which they’re the ones at risk; they’re the ones who need help and it’s hard to know it when they can’t speak our language. And of course, we can’t forget that there are critical moments in which they’ll want to do more for their human friends, but they don’t know how to do it when there isn’t anyone around who understands them. Now, you have to remember that animals are smart, and they can be creative. Over the years, we’ve seen tons of animals communicate with humans in unexpected ways. And in today’s video, we’ll be looking at “15 Animals that Asked People for Help.” Watch animals go above and beyond to communicate with the right people to get the help that they needed. <br /><br />Let’s begin.<br /><br />15 Saving the Chicks<br /><br />After a mysterious package was left at a postal office, the postal workers knew there was something odd as they heard the sound of chicks coming from inside the box. And sure enough, the package was full of 16 chicks that had been sent from Wisconsin to New York and were ready to be returned to the sender. One of the chicks was already dead, but the other 15 still had a chance of survival. Sure enough, the people at the post office decided to put a stop to this nonsense and refused to return the package. Instead, they decided to change the fate of the chicks and save them.<br /><br />14 Cucumber the Wolf<br /><br />There was a man who loved working around animals, including a group of wolves that lived in enclosures. One day, the man felt a pull from one of the enclosures and when he turned around he noticed that the one calling him was Cucumber, a tiny wolf that needed help. The man was quite surprised since Cucumber was usually independent. She never enjoyed interacting with humans. But this day, things were different and the man was aware of that. He rushed Cucumber to the vet and she was put on an operating table where she died...but then she was quickly revived. She got the help she needed just in time, by simply grabbing the attention of a caring man.<br /><br />13 The Eyes of the Deer<br /><br />You always need to keep your eyes wide open. And when you make eye contact with someone, you should always pay attention to what their eyes are trying to say. In Fairfax, California, a policeman was approached by a deer. The animal made eye contact with him while he stayed in the car. They both remained like this for a while until the officer finally realized what was wrong: The deer had a broken leg and that’s why the animal kept staring at him! The officer immediately left his car and went to help the deer.<br /><br />12 Mama Goose and the Cops<br /><br />And here’s another story that involves the cops. It’s the story of a real-life mama goose who started to panic when one of her goslings got tangled up in a balloon string. She didn’t know what to do, but when she saw the cops she began to call for their help. She started pecking on the door of their car until they finally got out and were led to where the baby goose was trapped. <br /><br />11 Tangled in a Rope<br /><br />A long time ago, Joe Sciberras and some of his friends went fishing near Sydney, Australia. It was an ordinary day until they came across a whale shark that swam up to their boat. The guys didn’t think much of it until they noticed that the whale shark was not moving. It’s as if the fish was waiting for them to do something. That is when Joe went in the water and noticed that the shark was tangled in a rope. The shark floated and waited patiently while Joe took care of the problem. Once Joe finished cutting the rope, the whale shark swam away, back to the water.<br /><br />10 Attacked by a Porcupine<br /><br />People began to freak out when they saw a wild raven perched on a fence, squawking for more than an hour. But when they got closer to the bird, they realized that there was a good reason for its behavior; the raven had four porcupine quills stuck in him, and three of them were on the side of his face. Fortunately for the noisy bird, a kind woman approached him and removed the quills from his face. It probably hurt a lot, but I bet this bird was thankful. After all, he kept making noises to get help, so I am sure he felt some relief in the end.<br /><br />9 The Whale that was Trapped<br /><br />It sounds like animal emergencies are very common in Sydney, Australia. Here’s another story that happened near this city. It all started when two teenagers saw a distressed southern right whale come to the surface.{% endraw %}
