---
title: "Are The Aliens From Star Wars Eclipse The Yuuzhan Vong? (A Star Wars Theory)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Ly9quCXI_cs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Ly9quCXI_cs"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["star wars eclipse","eclipse","starwars"]
date: "2021-12-14T07:46:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-13T20:08:19Z"
duration: "PT2M39S"
viewcount: "2112"
likeCount: "298"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Vader's Fortress"
---
{% raw %}Are The Star Wars Eclipse Aliens The Yuuzhan Vong? (A Star Wars Theory)<br /><br /><br />The Star Wars Eclipse trailer has been one of the most hyped and well-received Star Wars game trailers since the Star Wars: The Old Republic Cinematic Trailers that dropped almost a decade ago. A lot of people have been asking me who the strange alien drummers are in the trailer and the honest answer is we just don’t know yet. However, if I was to bet, I would say that they are most likely the Yuuzhan Vong and I’ll explain my reasoning in this video. So first of all, who are Yuuzhan Vong? In legends, the Yuuzhan Vong were a species of extragalactic invaders, who after destroying their own galaxy, set their sights on taking over the New Republic. This species had a deep mistrust in machinery, instead becoming masters of genetic modification and bio-manipulation. So why do I think the aliens from Eclipse are the Yuuzhan Vong? Well first let's start with the obvious. Both species have small Voldemort-like noses and are covered in tribal tattoos and markings. And of course, the resemblance is not exact but I have always argued that the Yuuzhan Vong, with their worship of pain and death, were going to need drastic changes if they were ever going to make it into the more family-friendly Disney canon. More importantly, though, we know this threat is definitely not the Sith and most likely not a dark side force using organisation as this would undermine the Jedi’s surprise at the Sith return during the prequel trilogy. So if they aren’t using the dark side, then what is the purpose of this strange ritual and who is this black slimy creature that rises from the ooze at the end of it? The Yuuzhan Vong were also highly ritualistic despite having no connection to the force. In my opinion, the mysterious figure at the end of the trailer is one of Yuuzhan Vong's disturbing biological creations, created through advanced genetic manipulation and given life through this bizarre ritual. But lastly, and maybe most importantly, the High Republic comics, the era in which this game will be set, just recanonised the Yuuzhan Vong’s famous battle armour. The Yuuzhan Vong’s armour was made out of genetically engineered Vonduun crab shell armour, giving the Vong resistance to blaster bolts and even lightsaber strikes. In High Republic adventures 9, a comic that only came out a month ago, it is revealed that the Vonduun crabs have been recanonised with the Aloxian species wearing the skulls of the crabs, similar to the Yuuzhan Vong. If Lucasfilm has recanonised their armour during the high republic era, then why not the Yuuzhan Vong themselves? The Yuuzhan Vong changed the direction of Star Wars legends, introducing an antagonist that was completely unaffiliated with the battle between the light and the dark side of the force. I think it makes sense that Vong would be reintroduced into canon through a very unique Star Wars game that is largely disconnected from the Skywalker saga. Anyway, that's just my opinion, tell me your thoughts on my theory and let me know your theories on the Star Wars Eclipse aliens down below. Thanks for watching guys and may the force be with you.{% endraw %}
