---
title: "Top 10 New Italian Cars Ranging from Sporty SUVs to Luxury Supercars"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/J1XRf0w5M4k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "J1XRf0w5M4k"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["cars","Italian automakers","new models"]
date: "2021-12-16T08:46:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-04-17T11:00:28Z"
duration: "PT12M20S"
viewcount: "123187"
likeCount: "1034"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Automotive Territory: Trending News & Car Reviews"
---
{% raw %}Today the most prominent representatives of the Italian Automotive industry are probably supercars produced by Ferrari and Lamborghini. However, the Italian car production is actually much more diverse and has the rich history that spans across centuries, beginning in 1899 when the first 4 horsepower Fiat was built. <br /><br />In order to see whether this European country remains a dominant player on the map of the world’s auto manufacturing, we will show you the newest 2020 model lineups represented by the exciting performance autos and a few mass market ones to get around the small Roman towns.<br /><br />More similar content previously posted on #AutomotiveTerritory:<br /><br />Latest releases by German auto manufacturers: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGAxRPFoECQ">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGAxRPFoECQ</a><br /><br />Guide to all-new cars that were recently presented: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_FzXOZV6f6EZii9J0wDPp7m-GFDzocq-">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_FzXOZV6f6EZii9J0wDPp7m-GFDzocq-</a><br /><br />All of the vehicles you can find in this #AT_New_Cars release:<br /><br />Alfa Romeo Stelvio Quadrifoglio Racing: alfaromeo.co.uk/models/quadrifoglio/stelvio-giulia-quadrifoglio-alfa-romeo-racing<br /><br />Alfa Romeo Stelvio Quadrifoglio Racing is a new limited-edition version of the performance SUV that is inspired by the brand’s C38 race car that participates in Formula 1 competition. <br /><br />Ferrari F8 Tributo: f8tributo.ferrari.com/en-us<br /><br />2020 Ferrari F8 Tributo is aimed to replace 488 GTB in the Ferrari line-up, and it is 88 pounds lighter, 10% more aerodynamic, and has 49 more horses.<br /><br />Fiat 500/500X/500L 120th Anniversary Edition: media.fcaemea.com/it-en/fiat/video/Family-500-120-Clip-01-2<br /><br />Believe it or not, but the Italian car maker Fiat is celebrating its 120th anniversary in 2019, a milestone that very few  car companies has managed to reach. To commemorate the occasion a limited edition of 500X, 500 and 500L models is being released.<br /><br />Lamborghini Huracan Evo Spyder: lamborghini.com/en-en/models/huracan/huracan-evo-spyder<br /><br />The Huracan line was introduced in 2014 as an affordable Lamborghini and a follow up to Gallardo. It is in turn being succeeded by the second-generation Evo. After the coupe model was released the Huracan Evo was soon followed by the drop top Spyder variant presented at the 2019 Geneva Motor Show.<br /><br />Lamborghini Aventador SVJ Roadster: lamborghini.com/en-en/models/aventador/aventador-svj-roadster<br /><br />The roofless follow up to the SVJ coupe was inevitable and is expected to be released as a 2020 model. The Aventador SVJ Roadster is joining the party being powered by the same naturally-aspirated 6.5L V12 engine linked to a 7-speed single clutch automatic.<br /><br />Maserati Alfieri: maserati.com/maserati/international/en/brand/our-story/alfieri-concept-car<br /><br />The debut of the Maserati Alfieri concept took place all the way in 2014 and since then the company has been constantly postponing the release of the production model. Good news is, that the Italian luxury carmaker has finally confirmed the 2020 release of this characteristically Maserati sports car.<br /><br />Alfa Romeo Tonale: alfaromeo.com/tonale-concept<br /><br />This 2+2 seat C segment crossover is the preview of the upcoming Alfa Romeo model that will slot below the Stelvio in the company’s lineup. At the concept stage the Tonale is presented as a plugin hybrid.<br /><br />Maserati Levante: maseratiusa.com/maserati/us/en/models/levanter<br /><br />2019 Maserati Levante is released two trim levels, including the all-new GTS and Trofeo that come equipped with a 3.8L twin-turbo V8 engine netting 550 and 590 horses respectively.<br /><br />Lamborghini Huracan Evo: lamborghini.com/en-en/models/huracan/huracan-evo <br /><br />2020 Lamborghini Huracan Evo is a new version of the Huracan model that gets much improved aerodynamics, lots of downforce, and a powerful 5.2L naturally aspirated V10 that outputs 631 horses and 442 lb-ft of torque.<br /><br />Alfa Romeo Giulietta: alfaromeopress.com/press/article/alfa-romeo-giulietta-my19-and-u-go-by-leasys-inaugurate-the-mobility-of-the-future<br /><br />The third generation of this subcompact hatchback has been in production since 2010, and even though it has long started showing its age, Alfa Romeo is reluctant to make a full redesign and rather releases minor facelifts and trim revisions.{% endraw %}
