---
title: "Feeling Good - Nina Simone (1965)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oHs98TEYecM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oHs98TEYecM"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Feeling","Good","Anthony"]
date: "2021-11-30T01:07:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2010-10-20T14:54:31Z"
duration: "PT2M54S"
viewcount: "36214832"
likeCount: "362325"
dislikeCount: "4927"
channel: "djbuddylovecooljazz"
---
{% raw %}&quot;Feeling Good&quot; (also known as &quot;Feelin' Good&quot;) is a song written by Anthony Newley and Leslie Bricusse for the 1964 musical &quot;The Roar Of The Greasepaint—The Smell Of The Crowd&quot; and has since been recorded by many artists, including Muse, Sammy Davis Jr., Bobby Darin, Traffic, Michael Bublé, The Pussycat Dolls, George Michael, John Barrowman, John Coltrane, Toše Proeski, Frank Sinatra Jr., and Adam Lambert.  Perhaps the most famous version was recorded by Nina Simone, and first appeared on her 1965 album &quot;I Put A Spell On You&quot;.  Simone's version is also featured in the 1993 film &quot;Point Of No Return&quot;, in which the protagonist uses the code name 'Nina' and professes to be a longtime fan of Simone's music.  At least half the soundtrack for the film featured Nina Simone songs.  The song was also featured in the promotional video of the TV series &quot;Six Feet Under&quot; (4th season), and is included in the show's volume 2 soundtrack.  Additionally, Simone's version is also included in the 2006 film, &quot;Last Holiday&quot;, in the 2010 film &quot;Repo Men&quot;, appears as a background track in the 2009 game &quot;The Saboteur&quot; (despite the game taking place in Nazi-occupied Paris, long before the song was made), and is featured in the television series &quot;Chuck&quot; during the third season episode &quot;Chuck Versus The Honeymooners&quot;.  Eunice Kathleen Waymon (February 21, 1933 -- April 21, 2003), better known by her stage name Nina Simone, was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, arranger, and civil rights activist.  Although she disliked being categorized, Simone is most associated with jazz music.  Simone originally aspired to become a classical pianist, but her recorded work covers an eclectic variety of musical styles that include classical, jazz, blues, soul, folk, R&amp;B, gospel, and pop.  Her vocal style is characterized by intense passion, a loose vibrato, and a slightly androgynous timbre, in part due to her unusually low vocal range which veered between the alto and tenor ranges, occasionally even reaching baritone lows.  Also known as 'The High Priestess Of Soul', she paid great attention to the musical expression of emotions.  Within one album or concert she could fluctuate between exuberant happiness and tragic melancholy.  These fluctuations also characterized her own personality and personal life, amplified by bipolar disorder with which she was diagnosed in the mid-1960s, something not widely known until after her death in 2003, though she wrote of it openly in her autobiography published in 1992.  According to Nadine Cohodas, Simone's biographer, Ms. Simone was first diagnosed with multiple personality disorder and later with schizophrenia. Simone recorded over 40 live and studio albums, the greatest body of her work released between 1958, when she made her debut with &quot;Little Girl Blue&quot;, and 1974.  Her music and message made a strong and lasting impact on musical culture, illustrated by the numerous contemporary artists who cite her as an important influence.  Several hip-hop musicians and other modern artists sample and remix Simone's rhythms and beats on their tracks.  Many of her songs are featured on motion picture soundtracks, as well as in video games, commercials, and TV series.  This channel is dedicated to the classic jazz music you've loved for years.  The smokin' hot, icy cool jams that still make you tap your feet whenever you hear them . . . Cool Jazz is here!<br /><br /><br /><br />For music videos of the Old School funk, go to:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/djbuddyloveold school<br /><br /><br /><br />To check out videos from The Roots Of Rap, go to:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/djbuddyloveraproots<br /><br /><br /><br />To explore the world of The DJ Cafe, go to:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/djbuddylovedjcafe<br /><br /><br /><br />If you love jamming to some great Classic Rock, check out:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/djbuddyloveclassrock<br /><br /><br /><br />Check out my newer music videos and other fun stuff at:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/djbuddylove3000<br /><br /><br /><br />Check out my news videography stuff at:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/vonregandavis<br /><br /><br /><br />Also, check out my youngest daughter (the world's youngest video producer) at:<br /><br />www.youtube.com/DaddyzGirl3000<br /><br /><br /><br />To stay updated about all my projects, please join my Facebook fan page:<br /><br />www.facebook.com/pages/DJ-Buddy-Love/114720773004?ref=sgm<br /><br /><br /><br />And coming in January 2011 . . . <br /><br />DJ Buddy Love presents LONGEVITY . . . <br /><br />A world record club DJ mixing marathon charity event . . . <br /><br />121 hours nonstop to benefit cancer research . . . <br /><br />Live to the world via UStream, Facebook, YouTube &amp; Twitter . . . <br /><br />More details coming soon . . .<br /><br /><br /><br />Enjoy!!<br /><br /><br /><br />;~}<br /><br /><br /><br />Copyright 1965 Philips Records<br /><br />All Rights Reserved{% endraw %}
