---
title: "Top 10 Strangest Things Recently Discovered"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dmlFZiwENpA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dmlFZiwENpA"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Top","Best","education"]
date: "2021-11-07T02:43:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-06T21:43:03Z"
duration: "PT10M24S"
viewcount: "2917"
likeCount: "232"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Top 5 Best"
---
{% raw %}Top 10 Strangest Things Recently Discovered<br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br />For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: top5bestbusiness@gmail.com<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX">https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX</a><br /><br />Top 5 Best is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #top5best<br /><br /><br />Top 10 Strangest Things Recently Discovered<br />Humans are always driven to discover new things, and that actually is my favorite human character trait. Every single day, people all over the world discover new things; some amazing and would probably change the way we all live, some not so much, while others are just downright strange, and it’s those strange discoveries that we will talk about today.<br />From a radical way of dealing with mosquitoes, to the latest natural cure all, here are the top 10 strangest things recently discovered.<br /><br />Number 10. Fight Fire with Fire<br />Ok, there’s really nothing new and groundbreaking with that old adage, but Florida authorities gave this old adage a new twist which is based on recent scientific discoveries.<br />If you’ve been to Florida, you know that quite a few of its native fauna can be problematic. Gators invading residential areas are pretty common, but by far the most problematic of native Florida wildlife are the billions of mosquitoes calling the sunshine state home. The infestation is so prevalent, even the most toxic of chemicals can’t seem to keep the population in check.<br />That is until recent development in genetics led scientists to discover that the best way to fight mosquitoes is with mosquitoes. Genetically modified mosquitoes to be exact. These genetically modified male mosquitoes were released into the wild, and when they mate with the wild, biting females, any resulting female offspring will not survive.<br />The project aims to reduce the number of mosquitoes, which as we know, spread a smorgasbord of deadly diseases including but not limited to the Zika virus, yellow fever, and of course, the deadly malaria. <br /><br />Number 9. Turning Water Into Gold<br />Alchemy was brought to reality in the middle of 2021 when scientists were able to transform water in to gold. Well, not really gold, but a gold colored metallic substance. It didn’t even stay that way for long, turning back into liquid form soon thereafter. But the point is, they were able to do it, and it wasn’t easy.<br />To achieve this, let’s try and forget one quality of water that we’ve been taught in school; and that is water is uncompressible. Fact is, it can be compressed, and by subjecting it to enough force, one can theoretically compact the water molecules enough to change its phase and turn into a solid, in this case, some form of metal.<br />Of course, the forces involved would be ludicrous, 220 million PSI to be exact. And since such mind blowing pressures can only potentially be found in the core of Jupiter, scientists were able to develop a complex method to achieve this, too complex for me to even try and explain.<br />In any case, there are currently no perceived applications for this new discovery, and it’s looking like the only reason why scientists tried to do this is because they could. Simple as that.<br /><br />Number 8. Vanilla Flavored Plastic<br />Alongside with global warming, one of the biggest problems the world is facing right now is an excess of plastic waste. Re-using and recycling can only go so far, and the fact is that tons of this non-biodegradable material is still either thrown into landfills or worse, finds their way into the ocean where they are eaten by various sea animals, who often die from ingesting them.<br />Needless to say, we have to really do something about this, and fortunately, scientists from all over the world are doing so. One method being developed to deal with plastic waste, if proven viable, may see us eating food items made from plastic in the future. More specifically, anything that’s vanilla flavored. And they are trying to do this by using genetically engineered bacteria.<br />The compound responsible for vanilla’s distinct flavor and aroma is called vanillin, and aside from being used in food, it’s also used in cosmetic, pharmaceutical, cleaning and herbicide products. The humble vanilla plant can’t really cope with the demand, so much so that 85% of the world’s vanillin supply comes from chemicals taken from fossil fuels.<br />This is where the bacteria come in. These, used in conjunction with plastic waste and terephthalic acid, actually turned the plastic into vanillin, ready for commercial use. If this method is proven viable, you might find yourself eating vanilla ice cream made from plastic in the future.{% endraw %}
