---
title: "How to Enroll in Medicare The \"Smart Way\" 🤔 5 Things To Beware Of"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TvnHVmH-Nqg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TvnHVmH-Nqg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["How to Enroll in Medicare","how to enroll in medicare online","medicare enrollment"]
date: "2021-10-17T09:16:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-12T06:10:57Z"
duration: "PT5M17S"
viewcount: "2747"
likeCount: "268"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Medicare Advisor"
---
{% raw %}How To Enroll In Medicare Tips - For some people, Medicare enrollment is automatic, while for others, it may depend on when and how they become eligible. <br />👉 Call us at 1-800-208-9613 for FREE Medicare Advice<br />1️⃣ If you wondering if there are better Medicare plans available<br />2️⃣ If you worried you don't fully understand your current Medicare plan<br />3️⃣ If you just plain curious as to what other benefits you could get at no extra cost<br /><br />How To Enroll In Medicare Tips - For some people, Medicare enrollment is automatic, while for others, it may depend on when and how they become eligible. <br /><br />Hey guys, Lance here and for today's Medicare q&amp;a, we're going to be looking at enrolling in Medicare, and just talking about a couple of the steps to be aware of for that. So when you're enrolling in Medicare, you do have several options when the time comes for you to actually enroll in Medicare. For some people, Medicare enrollment is actually automatic, meaning you don't need to do anything, while For others, it may depend on when and how they become eligible. So here's five things you need to look out for. <br /><br />First is your age. If you're not enrolled automatically, then you can enroll in Medicare online if your age 65 and above. But once you turn age 65, then you can go ahead and enroll online for Medicare. Number two is the timing. So signing up, or changing plans can be done certain times a year. So the timing of what time it is turning the year can have an effect on whether you can actually enroll or change your plan. And then number three are penalties. planning your plan B or your Medicare Plan B can avoid you penalties. And what this means is, with Plan B, there is a period of time or a window of time where you can sign up for Plan B without any penalties. If you wait to sign up for Medicare Plan B past that window of time, then you do have a penalty that you'll have to pay additional money for basically, so something to be aware of. And then also there's flexibility. <br /><br />So you can choose your coverage when you're enrolling in Medicare. There's different options, and we have different videos that we're doing on that. So feel free to look out for those. And of course, if you have any questions about that, let us know in the comments below as well. And then finally, is funding, things to look out for the number five would be funding. So you might be able to get help with some of the costs associated with Medicare, based on your situation based on your income, or other things. And that's where having someone certainly to speak with who gets to know your situation. And all the different benefits that might be available to you certainly can be helpful. <br /><br />For example, oftentimes these providers will compete with each other to try and offer a better benefits. And this can happen on a yearly basis. So bringing your current Medicare plan up to date can be kind of daunting, it can be kind of confusing, trying to figure out which one might actually be the best for you. But fortunately, there is a super simple way to get the most recent benefits without having to call millions of companies or even spending endless amounts of time scrolling through the internet. So qualified Medicare is a completely free, it's a no obligation helpline to give anyone on Medicare the information they need to take advantage of all these benefits. <br /><br />So if you're wondering if there are better plans available, or worried that you may not fully understand your current Medicare plan, or you're just kind of curious as to what other benefits you could get at no extra cost, well, then you can go ahead and again, call this toll free Medicare hotline number, which is on the screen here. Also, we'll put the phone number down in the description below. And then one of the licensed agents will be happy to answer any questions you might have.<br /><br />And basically help you find the best coverage that's available for you and for your particular situation. Because it actually is very easy to switch your plan on the spot. Again, if it's in your best interest. And that's even if it's outside of the Annual Enrollment Period. So ultimately, if you do have any additional questions, or if you'd like additional help, first don't hesitate to leave a comment down below. <br /><br />Hopefully this was helpful, and I'll look forward to seeing you in the next video.<br /><br />#HowToEnrollinMedicare <br />#HowToEnrollinMedicareOnline<br /><br />Tags: How to Enroll in Medicare,how to enroll in medicare online,medicare enrollment,enroll in medicare,medicare enroll,how to apply for medicare online,how do i enroll in medicare,when is open enrollment for medicare,medicare supplement,when to enroll in medicare,enroll in medicare online,medicare enrollment application,how to enroll in medicare,medicare online,enrolling in medicare,apply for medicare online,medicare open enrollment 2021<br /><br />👉 Call us at 1-800-208-9613 for FREE Medicare Advice{% endraw %}
