---
title: "Unrivaled (Official Live Video) - Lakewood Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8Jeki9IW2dI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8Jeki9IW2dI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Lakewood Church","Lakewood Music","Unrivaled"]
date: "2021-10-18T08:15:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-12T15:00:55Z"
duration: "PT4M26S"
viewcount: "19810"
likeCount: "855"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Lakewood Music"
---
{% raw %}Official Live Video for &quot;Unrivaled&quot; by Lakewood Music<br /><br />The new single from Lakewood Music, “Unrivaled”, is now available on on all streaming platforms! Psalm 150 says to praise the Lord for His power and greatness. This is our praise. The new single Unrivaled, was written to praise our God; the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, Who will forever reign in glory! Our God is unrivaled. Download today!<br /><br />Download the Album today: lakewoodmusic.lnk.to/whatevermaycome<br />Subscribe to the Lakewood Music Channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/LakewoodMusic">https://bit.ly/LakewoodMusic</a><br />Connect with Lakewood Music: LakewoodChurch.com/music<br />Follow Lakewood Music on Instagram:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/lakewoodmusic/">https://www.instagram.com/lakewoodmusic/</a><br /><br />LYRICS<br /><br />VERSE:<br />ALL WE SEE<br />EVERY WONDER<br />WAS ASSEMBLED BY HIS HAND<br />WHAT COMPARES<br />TO HIS POWER,<br />TO THE GREATNESS HE COMMANDS?<br /><br />PRE:<br />EVERYTHING THAT HAS BEEN,<br />EVERYTHING THAT IS TO COME<br />ANSWER TO ONE;<br />THE HOLY ONE<br />GIVE HIM PRAISE FOR ALL HE’S DONE<br /><br />CHORUS:<br />OH OH OH OH<br />OUR GOD IS UNRIVALED<br />OH OH OH OH<br />HIS WORD IS STILL FINAL<br />THOUGH EMPIRES RISE<br />AND EMPIRES FALL<br />THE KING OF ALL KINGS<br />IS STILL ON HIS THRONE<br />OH OH OH OH<br />OUR GOD IS<br />OUR GOD IS UNRIVALED<br /><br />VERSE 2:<br />ALL OUR HOPE,<br />OUR SALVATION<br />WAS ESTABLISHED IN HIS NAME<br />WHAT COMPARES<br />TO HIS GLORY,<br />TO THE GREATNESS OF HIS REIGN?<br /><br />BRIDGE:<br />LET EVERYTHING THAT HAS BREATH<br />PRAISE THE LORD<br />PRAISE THE LORD<br />LET EVERYTHING THAT HAS BREATH<br />PRAISE THE LORD OUR GOD<br /><br /><br />ABOUT LAKEWOOD MUSIC:<br /><br />Lakewood Music is the sound of one church with many harmonies in one voice. In the heart of America’s most diverse city, at Lakewood Church you’ll find a true representation of the kaleidoscope that is Houston. Known throughout the world as a model for amity and diversity, the Lakewood Church congregation is multi-generational and multi-ethnic with members from dozens of nations across the globe. And, in a time when many things are divisive, Lakewood Music represents the unified Kingdom of God—in all of its unique styles, ethnicities, colors, and expressions. Each week, Lakewood Music reaches thousands of people in Houston and surrounding areas, impacting the surrounding community through its outreach programs. Add to this the church’s television broadcast and social media reach, and the result is over 200 million households across six continents experience the message of hope Lakewood Music has been called to share.<br /><br />#lakewoodmusic #lakewoodchurch #unrivaled{% endraw %}
