---
title: "10 Cool Shoe Lace styles (Nike Air Force 1) | Shoe lacing tutorials"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dUgfK7opb0E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dUgfK7opb0E"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how","Shoe Lace styles","Shoe Lace"]
date: "2021-12-05T11:43:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-02T15:00:13Z"
duration: "PT35M7S"
viewcount: "1120944"
likeCount: "21849"
dislikeCount: "546"
channel: "SALEX"
---
{% raw %}Hey guys! In today's video I'm going to be showing you 10 new cool ways how to lace your Nike Air Force 1. This is simple tutorial about shoes lacing Nike Air Force 1 (10 ways). If you have any questions, please ask in the comments, I'll  answer you as soon as possible. If you like this video don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe!<br /><br />Step-by-step instructions for lacing your Nike Air Force 1:<br /><br />0:00 - Method 1: Loosely<br />1. Put a metal tag on the lace so that it is in the middle of the lace;<br />2. Put your laces through the first two eyelets;<br />3. Then make sure both ends of the lace are even;<br />4. Take the string in the first eyelet on the right and put it in the second on the left;<br />5. Take the string in the first eyelet on the left and put it in the second on the right. ( Use your finger to limit the lace);<br />6. Keep going until you reach the final eyelets;<br />7. ...;<br />8. Now, instead of going through the top of the eyelet, go through the bottom, from inside to out on both sides;<br /><br />4:15 - Method 2: Diamond<br />1. Starting from the two bottom opposite facing holes, insert each end of the shoelace from the inside. Make sure both sides of the remaining laces are equal;<br />2. Take the string in the last eyelet on the left and put it in the third on the right;<br />3. Then put that same string under to the previous eyelet;<br />4. Then take the string in the last eyelet on the left and put it in the third on the right;<br />5. Then put that same string under to the previous eyelet ;<br />6. Keep going until you reach the final eyelets;<br />7. ...;<br />8. Done ))<br /><br />7:43 - Method 3: Big'x' &amp; Bar<br />1. Place one end of the shoelace through the second top left hole;<br />2. Then thread the right end of the shoelace into the first left hole from the top;<br />3. Put that same string to the first right eyelet from the bottom;<br />4. Then put that same string to the second right eyelet from the bottom;<br />5. Now put that same string to the first left eyelet from the bottom;<br />6. Put that same string to the second left eyelet from the bottom;<br />7. Using the left end, thread it in the opposite hole in a straight line.<br />8. Then insert the end of the shoelace into the next right eyelet;<br />9. Keep going until you reach the final eyelets;<br />10. Pass the same rope again through the second right eyelet from the top.<br /><br />11:54 - Method 4: Bar Lacing<br />1. Put a metal tag on the lace so that it is in the middle of the lace;<br />2. Insert each end of the shoelace downward through one of the bottom two eyelets;<br />3. Then feed the leftight lace underneath the shoe so that it pops out of the second eyelet on the left side;<br />4. Feed the right lace underneath the shoe so that it pops out of the third eyelet on the right side;<br />5. Cross the left lace over to the right side and insert it downward through the second eyelet;<br />6. Then cross the right lace over to the left side and insert it downward through the third eyelet;<br />7. Repeat this for the rest of the loops<br />8. ...;<br />9. Done ))<br /><br />15:42 - Method 5:  Zig-zag<br />1. Put the lace through the eyelets not over the top.<br />2. Take the lace from the outside of the sneaker and go through the next eyelet up and across;<br />3. Then do the same with this lace but on the other side;<br />4. Repeat these steps until you reach the final eyelets;<br />6. ...;<br />7. Insert the right lace through the loop you have now created on the left;<br />8. Keep going until you reach the final loops.<br /><br />18:58 - Method 6: factory knot<br />Step 1-9 is the same as in the first method!<br />1. Put a metal tag on the lace so that it is in the middle of the lace;<br />2. Put your laces through the first two eyelets;<br />3. Then make sure both ends of the lace are even;<br />4. Take the string in the first eyelet on the right and put it in the second on the left;<br />5. Take the string in the first eyelet on the left and put it in the second on the right. ( Use your finger to limit the lace);<br />6. Keep going until you reach the final eyelets;<br />7. ...;<br />8. Now, instead of going through the top of the eyelet, go through the bottom, from inside to out on both sides;<br />9. Wrap the laces around the first finger of your lower hand;<br />10. Cross the lace ends over the wrap and pinch them under your thumb;<br />11. Work your fingers out of the wrap to create a loop;<br />12. Fold the excess laces over you and thread the folded end into the eyelets;<br />13. Fold the excess laces over you and thread the folded end into the eyelets;<br />14. Adjust the laces to the length you need.<br /><br />Unfortunately, due to the limitation of the number of characters in the description under the video, I cannot insert a lot of step-by-step instructions:(<br /><br />0:00 loosely<br />4:15 diamond<br />7:43 big'x' &amp; bar<br />11:54 bar lacing<br />15:42 zig zag<br />18:58 factory knot<br />22:45 fishing net<br />26:11 star<br />28:49 four bows<br />31:28 bar &amp;.diagonal<br /><br />Become a channel ❤️SPONSOR❤️ and you will get access to exclusive bonuses. <br />More details:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCslJDLdR1pJcOo9H9jmWLhA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCslJDLdR1pJcOo9H9jmWLhA/join</a><br />#HowToLaceAirForce1s #AF1s #AirForce1{% endraw %}
