---
title: "Most ISOLATED Towns In The World!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tu-ZLfK7O9E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tu-ZLfK7O9E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["origins explained","isolated towns","deserted towns"]
date: "2021-10-25T14:53:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-01-23T14:00:11Z"
duration: "PT11M28S"
viewcount: "832339"
likeCount: "5077"
dislikeCount: "472"
channel: "Origins Explained"
---
{% raw %}Check out the Most ISOLATED Towns In The World! This top 10 list of mysterious places in the world have some of the strangest remote cities where people actually live on earth! <br /><br />Subscribe For New Videos! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/UIzLeB">http://goo.gl/UIzLeB</a><br /><br />Watch our &quot;REAL Mermaid Sightings Around The World!&quot; video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ChM0CBRmVsM">https://youtu.be/ChM0CBRmVsM</a><br />Watch our &quot;10 Sea Monsters ATTACKING A Boat!&quot; video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/0XROvoPCDNc">https://youtu.be/0XROvoPCDNc</a><br />Watch our &quot;STRANGEST Animals People Keep As Pets!&quot; video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/OMa96nPqz-Y">https://youtu.be/OMa96nPqz-Y</a> <br /><br />10. Supai, Arizona<br />Supai, Arizona, is often said to be the most remote town in the contiguous 48 states of the US, and it’s clear to see why. The town is hidden 3,000 feet within the depths of the Grand Canyon, and can only be accessed by helicopter, mule, or by a treacherous 8-mile hike!! So remote is this place that it's the only remaining town in the US that still has its mail delivered by a train of mules every day!<br /><br />9. Ittoqqortoormiit, Greenland<br />Ittoqqortoormiit, in Greenland, is home to just 450 people and holds the title of being the most remote inhabited settlement in the Western hemisphere. To the north of the town lies the Northeast Greenland national park, which is the largest national park in the world… and to the south of the town is Scoresby Sound, which is the largest fjord system on earth. <br /><br />8. Siwa, Egypt<br />Siwa is a historic town that lies on a large oasis in the Western Desert region of Egypt. It's about 340 miles to the west of Cairo and is one of the hardest to reach places in the country. Despite its isolation, Siwa is a popular destination because of its uniqueness and, of course, the 50-mile long oasis that it’s built around.<br /><br />7. Coober Pedy, Australia<br />Coober Pedy, in Australia, is in the middle of the outback but has drawn people from far and wide because of something that’s hidden within the ground there- opals. The stones have been mined there for more than 100 years, with an estimated 70 percent of the world's opal production being linked to there- with most of the town's 3,500 residents working in the opal industry.<br /><br />6. Barrow, Alaska<br />Barrow, Alaska, is the northernmost city in the US and is 320 miles north of the Arctic circle. It's a place where, once the sun sets in mid-November, residents won't see a sunrise for two months- and where temperatures are only above freezing for less than a third of the year.<br /><br />5. Longyearbyen, Norway<br />Svalbard, in Norway, is an archipelago that sits between the country and the north pole, and its one populated island is home to 2,144 people in the capital- called Longyearbyen. Here the sun sets in winter for four months, leaving only the moon to illuminate the icy fjords and glaciers that surround it. The temperatures range from a warm -13 degrees Fahrenheit to a chilly -22, and the frozen wind will cause frostbite within a few seconds of exposure to unprotected skin. <br /><br />4. Palmerston, Cook Island<br />The tiny island of Palmerston is undoubtedly one of the remotest places in the world. It’s a part of the Cook islands, deep within the Pacific Ocean, and is a stunning place- connected to a number of other islands by a coral reef around a large central 7-mile lagoon. Palmerston is the only inhabited island of this atoll, with only 62 inhabitants- most of whom are descended from one Englishman who made this place his home around 150 years ago.<br /><br />3. Villa Las Estrellas, Antarctica<br />While there are a number of settlements on the frozen continent, most are military or scientific outposts. There’s only one place in Antarctica that’s inhabited by civilians, and that’s the Villa Las Estrellas. As you would imagine, life here is tough- and there are some unusual requirements expected of people who live here.<br /><br />2. Glasgow, Montana<br />Back to the US now, and a town that has been named, by some, as the remotest one in America… based on its travel distance to the nearest large settlement. In the lower 48 states, 98 percent of people live within an hour of a major urban area, which is vital when you look at the provision of services such as medicine and education. Glasgow, Montana, however, is near the Canadian border and is 4.5 hours away from a city in any direction. <br /><br />1. Edinburgh of the Seven Seas<br />Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is the capital, and only settlement, on the island of Tristan da Cunha, which is the remotest inhabited island in the world. The islands, which are known for their huge populations of seabirds, such as rockhopper penguins and yellow-nosed albatrosses, are in the middle of the southern Atlantic ocean- 1,491 miles away from South Africa.<br /><br />Origins Explained is the place to be to find all the answers to your questions, from mysterious events and unsolved mysteries to everything there is to know about the world and its amazing animals!{% endraw %}
