---
title: "EXACTLY HOW TO MAKE MONEY DAY TRADING STOCKS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Tl3XklQmH-I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Tl3XklQmH-I"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["stock market","stock market for beginners","investing"]
date: "2021-12-15T04:04:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-15T00:30:44Z"
duration: "PT7M4S"
viewcount: "871"
likeCount: "85"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ricky Gutierrez"
---
{% raw %}When is the best time to buy a stock. A question every beginner trade/ investor wants to know. Here is a complete breakdown on the steps to take to buying a stock to day trade. <br /><br />1.✅ Free Trading Group (300,000 Members): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/techbudsfbgroup">http://bit.ly/techbudsfbgroup</a><br /><br />2. 📈  Daily Live Trading Sessions: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://learnplanprofit.net/">https://learnplanprofit.net/</a><br /><br />3. 💻 #1 Trading Mousepads: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://shoptechbuds.com/">https://shoptechbuds.com/</a><br /><br />● FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM!<br /><br />📸 Ricky's Insta: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/rickygutierrezz/">https://www.instagram.com/rickygutierrezz/</a><br /><br />For those who are interested in Trading &amp; Investing, I encourage you to join Our Free Trading Group of over 315,000! <br /><br />Thank you for the support, the best way to reach out to me is through our private discord chat, please DM me.  <br /><br />The Stock Market falling/ crashing can be a scary thing when you are not informed on how to make money during a stock market crash! The corona virus isn't getting any better and opportunity is among us, let's take time to inform ourselves and make the most of this opportunity! <br /><br />If you have any suggestions for future videos such as Day Trading, Investing, Stock Market, Real Estate, Car Sales, Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, Crypto &amp; bitcoin, Entrepreneurship, Forex, Online Marketing, Online Sales or fun daily vlogs. Please let me know.<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: Please note that i do not ask for any information. I always encourage our members to trade ONLY what you understand and never based on anyone's opinion. My videos are for entertainment purposes only.any questions to message me as i would love to be a part of your success.<br /><br />Learn How to Trade the Market in 5 Steps: <br /><br />Millions of neophytes try their hand at the market casino each year, but most walk away a little poorer and a lot wiser, having never reached their full potential. The majority of those who fail have one thing in common: They haven't mastered the basic skills needed to tilt the odds in their favor. However, if one takes adequate time to learn them, it's possible to be on the way to increasing one's odds of success.<br /><br /><br />World markets attract speculative capital like moths to a flame; most people throw money at securities without understanding why prices move higher or lower. Instead, they chase hot tips, make binary bets, and sit at the feet of gurus, letting them recommend buy-and-sell decisions that make no sense. A better path is to learn how to trade the markets with skill and authority.<br /><br /><br />Start with a self-examination that takes a close look at your relationship with money. Do you view life as a struggle, with a difficult effort required to earn each dollar? Do you believe personal magnetism will attract market wealth to you in the same way it does in other life pursuits? More ominously, have you lost money on a regular basis through other activities and hope the financial markets will treat you more kindly? <br /><br />How to Start Investing in Stocks: A Beginner's Guide<br /><br />Investing is a way to set aside money while you are busy with life and have that money work for you so that you can fully reap the rewards of your labor in the future. Investing is a means to a happier ending. Legendary investor Warren Buffett defines investing as &quot;the process of laying out money now to receive more money in the future.&quot;1 The goal of investing is to put your money to work in one or more types of investment vehicles in the hopes of growing your money over time.{% endraw %}
