---
title: "Vonderleyen surrendered!She acknowledged the EU's defeat in the face of the onslaught of its members"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mPHwCPKs2Uc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mPHwCPKs2Uc"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["UK","England","UK News"]
date: "2021-12-19T20:25:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-19T14:26:06Z"
duration: "PT3M"
viewcount: "476"
likeCount: "20"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Hot Negotiations"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for watching the video, if you find it interesting, please like and share the video to help our channel develop better and bring more quality videos.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6RArYe5n3f3QSn-7OXMyjQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6RArYe5n3f3QSn-7OXMyjQ</a><br /><br />Vonderleyen surrendered! The European President acknowledged the failure of the bloc in the face of the onslaught of many member states.<br /><br />Rare moment! Vonderleyen admitted her defeat humiliatingly when she said the bloc was in a bad panic.<br /><br />The EU fails when she beats out Europeans who don't integrate<br />URSULA von der Leyen has admitted healthcare systems across the bloc are &quot;overworking&quot; as she shuts down the unvaccinated to fill intensive care units. She said that the EU is in a state of panic when the health system is very overloaded.<br /><br />In a surprising admission that health systems across the European Union member states are struggling with the pressure of a spike in hospitalizations due to rising COVID-19 cases, the Commission President the European Commission called when attacked by Europeans.<br />This is arguably the rare moment when Vonderleyen acknowledges the failure of her career.<br />An act that she knew was humiliating, but she still had to admit because the EU was really overloaded.<br /><br />Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Ms. von der Leyen shared concerns that the bloc was on the verge of a major crisis.<br /><br />“We know that our healthcare system is currently over-expanded,” she said. The epidemic situation is spreading so quickly that we do not have enough resources.<br />This is a moment of honesty that we see for the first time in Mrs. Vonderleyen with a rather bewildered expression while speaking at the conference.<br /><br />&quot;This is partly related to the large number of unvaccinated patients.&quot;<br /><br />She also said &quot;promoting and protective measures&quot; were the answer to combat the spread of the Omicron variant in the EU.<br /><br />It comes as restrictions have been put in place across the continent to tackle the latest surge in infections as the contagious Omicron variant has spread at a record rate.<br /><br />Many readers laughed at the look on Mrs. Vonderleyen's face, when they had never seen her like that, it was an act of contrition on the part of a villain.<br />People were just used to her bullying others, like trying to make things difficult for the UK after Britain left the bloc.<br /><br />Germany has now banned the unvaccinated variety from restaurants and non-essential commerce as it seeks to rein in the new variant.<br /><br />The Netherlands has been forced to delay non-urgent and routine care as it faces a spike in hospitalizations.<br /><br />France has blocked all travelers to prevent new variants of Covid-19.<br /><br />This is despite experts warning that the Omicron is already available in France and will be the dominant variant early next year.<br /><br />Ms Vonderleyen was bitterly criticized before the conference for her failure.<br />German Chancellor Olaf Scholz thinks this is a major failure of the bloc, and the head of the EU has made the bloc bad because of many delays.<br /><br />France's European minister, Clément Beaune, also criticized Vonderleyen harshly. He believes that this is entirely the fault of the European president when the amount of vaccine deployed is too late. France has contributed too much to the bloc but received a delay and too little, not commensurate with the money spent.<br /><br />Switzerland and Austria also accuse Ms Vonderleyen of causing a vaccine delay, which has left their countries hit by the disease. This is an unacceptable action of the EU Commission.<br />Germany is also considering bringing in attacks and thinks Ms Vonderleyen is unworthy of the European presidency.{% endraw %}
