---
title: "7 Horror Techniques Hollywood Uses To SCARE THE JEEBIES OUT OF YOU!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AXcRnjiXT7c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AXcRnjiXT7c"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["horror","vfx","horror movie"]
date: "2021-12-11T15:09:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-10T14:00:09Z"
duration: "PT11M12S"
viewcount: "6729"
likeCount: "237"
dislikeCount: "11"
channel: "Fame Focus"
---
{% raw %}The first 1,000 people to use this link will get a 1 month free trial of Skillshare: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://skl.sh/famefocus12211">https://skl.sh/famefocus12211</a><br />Like the music in this video?<br />Get it on iTunes: ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apple.co/2ENGfu9">https://apple.co/2ENGfu9</a> ◄<br />Listen on Spotify: ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://spoti.fi/3boTfCl">https://spoti.fi/3boTfCl</a> ◄<br />Buy it on Amazon: ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/2QVJZfk">https://amzn.to/2QVJZfk</a> ◄<br />Horror movies use sound, music, visual effects, prosthetics and make-up, and clever camera work to create an atmosphere and build up tension in an attempt to scare the audience. In this video, we're going to show you how they managed to do this using 7 different techniques from different horror films...<br /><br />1. Animatronics.<br />Animatronics can be used to create scary creatures or monsters of virtually any size and shape. For the 2019 remake of the 1988 classic Child's Play, they decided they didn't want Chucky to be fully CG. This was because Chucky is really supposed to be a child's doll that was possessed by a serial killer, so they wanted Chucky to actually be a real doll. Masters FX had to build 7 different animatronic dolls, with interchangeable hands, legs, and heads.<br /><br />2. Prosthetics and Makeup.<br />Good prosthetics and make-up work can make characters look scary before there even on set. In Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark, the four monsters that appear are called The Pale Lady, The Toeless Corpse, Harold the Scarecrow, and The Jangly Man, as you can probably guess from their names, these monsters appearance and movements are humanoid. Since recreating the way a human being moves is virtually impossible with animatronics, and with digital effects it requires a lot of time and motion capture technology, they decided to make practical suits for the actors to wear.<br /><br />3. Camera Work.<br />Clever camera work and framing are also used to create tension in horror films and sometimes it's just as much to do about what don't show as what you do.<br />In the 2020 film The Invisible Man they used simple but effective techniques to create tension and the illusion of danger, techniques like the camera panning to an empty space, this gives the audience that feeling there is something in that space even though they can see it, another technique is clever framing, by framing a shot with the actor to the side instead of central, the viewer's attention isn't only on the actor but it is also drawn to the negative space to her side, again, adding to the illusion that there is something else is in the shot.<br /><br />4. Sound FX.<br />In addition to the actual background soundtrack of the movie, the use of sound effects is incredibly important to add to the tense atmosphere and also to disgust us and make us cringe, sound is an extremely powerful filmmaking tool, sometimes just the thought of a sound can make us react, just think of pressing a fork down onto a plate and then slowly scratching it back and forth. In the 2018 movie, A Quiet Place an intelligent use of sound was needed, not just because of the need to create tension but because of the actual plot of the movie itself.<br /><br />5. Set building and Props.<br />A tremendous amount of work goes into building any movie set. Furniture, dressings, and props all have to be period correct, have their own personality or reflect that of their occupants, and create an atmosphere in accordance to the scene that is going to be shot there.<br />Although there are a huge amount of movies and TV series that had incredible sets, from The shire in The Lord of The Rings, 37 hobbit holes built on 14 acres of land, to tremendously detailed interiors in The Queen's Gambit, it's hard to choose a favorite, but as far as horror films go, The Overlook Hotel in The Shining has to be up there with the best, and the way Stanley Kubrick used the set is pure genius.<br /><br />6. Editing and Timing.<br />Timing is important in any film but in a horror movie, it's even more so. While there are no strict rules for building suspense, there are some general guidelines that work as a foundation.<br />Quick cuts and short clips will create a sense of urgency, close-ups and hand-held camera work can add to this feeling.<br />Longer uncut shots can be used to build tension and if a shot stays on-screen for longer than the audience expects, it can make them feel discomfort as if something is about to happen.<br /><br />7. Digital Effects.<br />Most filmmakers try to avoid CGI as much as possible, preferring practical effects so they can get everything &quot;In-Camera&quot;, but this has led to a general dislike of digital effects with people thinking it's cool to hate on CGI rather than embracing it as another valid filmmaking tool.<br />For example, even though they used puppets and animatronics in Child's Play, had they not used Digital effects for Chucky's eyes it wouldn't have been half as dramatic.<br /><br />This video was sponsored by Skillshare.<br />Read more here: www.famefocus.com<br />Follow us on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/focusfame">https://twitter.com/focusfame</a>{% endraw %}
