---
title: "A Lifeless Ordinary {Joick Story} Ch 18 (M 1\/3)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rtDIqtJkMIo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rtDIqtJkMIo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["jick","joick","story"]
date: "2021-12-06T09:17:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2010-06-21T16:09:46Z"
duration: "PT17S"
viewcount: "936"
likeCount: "7"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "lighterheart69"
---
{% raw %}501 subs! AGAIN! Ha, thanks guys. My uterus hurts, really badly. But I got my Midol, and my Cadbury thins. Ha, thanks Hunter.<br /><br />Nick was a lip biter. He would bite down on his lower lip, gnawing and chewing, till his lip split open, and would crack open and bleed every time he smiled. It didn't really hurt much, but biting his lip was a stress-reliever. In any uncomfortable situations, Nick would bite his lip. Nick was uncomfortable a lot.<br /><br />Nick's POV<br /><br />I turned away from my classroom, and started walking down the hall. Only to be grabbed on to.<br />&quot;Nicky!&quot; Ugh, fucking Camzilla, leave me the fuck alone you stupid freak. &quot;It's so good to see you honey!&quot; I smiled at her, it was fake and stiff, and one of those smiles you do not want to smile. I'm pretty sure it's more like a grimace, supremely unattractive, but being unattractive can only help me at this moment. I'm facing Camzilla for crying out loud.<br />&quot;Oh, hi.&quot; She giggled lightly, smiling a really big, really white, really toothy, cheerleader smile. To match her cheerleader ponytail, with a cheerleader bow, and to top it all off, a cheerleader uniform. I'm starting to see cheerleaders in a negative way. &quot;I have to go to class, don't want to be late!&quot; I smiled again, not as fake this time, I'm able to make my escape, even if I do have to go to class. Class is better than Camzilla. Before she could utter another word, I turned around, and slid into my classroom.<br /><br />A full classroom. Full of students; a lot of students. All sitting, all chatting with each other, cliques already formed. I know some of these people. Well, know of them. They are all perfectly friendly; I've only had problems with a few of them. I just don't make friends; it seems like useless effort, none of them are going to like me anyway.<br /><br />I walked to the back of the classroom, trying not to make eye contact with anyway. Finally I was able to slump into an empty desk, to lay my head down. All these people stress me out. I'm not afraid of people, it's just that when there are too many, my head gets crowded and I can't focus, or concentrate or speak properly. Sometime it's not bad, and other times it's really hard. I think I have serious problems. Including Camzilla.<br /><br />After baseball tryouts I trudged to the locker room, tired, and aching. Tryouts kicked my ass, the other team hopefuls are good, I'm good too, and I know I'm good, but Coach is tough. My cleats clicked on the tile of the locker room, it was barely heard above the other guys laughing and joking about. This locker room smells like testosterone. I feel a few pats against my back, congratulations for a good tryout, it feels good I guess, being noticed by someone, anyone. It's also unsettling. I'm not worth attention.<br />&quot;Nicky! How did practice go?!&quot; A sweaty Joe wraps his arms around me, yelling in my ear. He continues talking (yelling) not waiting for an answer, &quot;I know you did awesome, I know, all the guys are saying you're a wonder boy. That's so good Nicky, so good.&quot; His sweaty cheek is pressed against mine; it's gross, and kind of sexy. I don't know why he's not letting go, is it not weird that two sweaty guys are hugging in a locker room? Sounds like the beginning of some cheesy, gay porno. Hmmm, Joe and I could star in it. That would be...perfection. &quot;C'mon kiddo, let's shower up, mom is probably making something gooooood.&quot; Joe's voice was lower now, more like a whisper in my ear, his breath cool against my heated skin. It tingles a little, not going to lie. I nodded against his shoulder, waiting for him to let go of me. He squeezed extra tight for a second, then let go, his hands trailing down my back, slipping low, before he stepped back completely. He smiled softly, before turning away completely, starting to strip off his uniform. He peeled off his jersey, then his pads, his back is tanned, slick with sweat, toned, and muscular. It's a good back, strong, while being slender. I turn away as Joe starts to change his bottoms, which is not something I should be looking at. I start stripping off my uniform, wrapping a towel around my waist. I'm not actually uncomfortable being naked around all these guys, it's strange, but I'm not ashamed of my body. I'm not an exhibitionist like Joe, but I'm not uncomfortable. I just need to make sure to keep my eyes up. I take my towel off; facing the showerhead, letting the water hit my skin. Feels so fucking good, can't even describe it. In my peripherals I see Joe beside me, singing to himself, can't help but grin at that. He's such a child; it's just so sweet to be able to see that in someone I'm so close to. It's nice. I can even forgive him for not being gay, and for dating Camzilla. I can forgive him for not loving me in the way I want him to, as long as he loves me.<br /><br />Saraphina{% endraw %}
