---
title: "Market America | SHOP.COM & Sezzle: “Buy Now, Pay Later” Available On SHOP.COM"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zcL9mTaCCGI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zcL9mTaCCGI"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Market America","SHOP.COM","Shopping Annuity"]
date: "2021-11-19T10:07:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-27T20:08:32Z"
duration: "PT1M26S"
viewcount: "560"
likeCount: "19"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Market America"
---
{% raw %}New for Market America Worldwide | SHOP.COM International Convention (#MAIC 2021), in-person attendees are enjoying a visually bold and interactive concourse, filled with experts on all things Market America Worldwide and SHOP.COM, including Sezzle. Sezzle (ASX: SZL) is a financial technology company and highest-rated “buy now, pay later” online payment provider that allows online shoppers the convenience of paying in four easy installments over six weeks with zero interest. Now, Market America Worldwide | SHOP.COM’s partnership with Sezzle offers this unique and valuable way for UFOs, their customers and consumers to shop online. <br /> <br />&quot;We are thrilled to take part in #MAIC2021. We are really looking forward to interacting with the UnFranchise Owners. We will help answer any questions, while also providing a live demonstration on how easy it is for UFOs and their customers to Buy Now and Pay Later with Sezzle,” said Sezzle Chief Revenue Officer, Veronica Katz.<br /> <br />About Market America Worldwide | SHOP.COM<br /><br />Market America Worldwide is a global e-commerce and digital marketing company that specializes in one-to-one marketing and is the creator of the Shopping Annuity® . Its mission is to provide a robust business system for entrepreneurs, while providing consumers a better way to shop. Headquartered in Greensboro, N.C., and with eight sites around the globe, including the U.S., Market America Worldwide was founded in 1992 by Chairman and CEO JR Ridinger. Through the company's primary, award-winning shopping website, SHOP.COM, consumers have access to millions of products, including Market America Worldwide exclusive brands and thousands of top retail brands. Further, SHOP.COM ranks 19th in Newsweek magazine's 2021 Best Online Shops, No. 52 in Digital Commerce 360's (formerly Internet Retailer) 2021 Top 1,000 Online Marketplaces, No. 79 in Digital Commerce 360's 2021 Top 1,000 Online Retailers and No. 11 in the 2021 Digital Commerce 360 Primary Merchandise Category Top 500. The company is also a two-time winner of the Better Business Bureau's Torch Award for Marketplace Ethics and was ranked No. 15 in The Business North Carolina Top 125 Private Companies for 2020. By combining Market America Worldwide's entrepreneurial business model with SHOP.COM's powerful comparative shopping engine, Cashback program, Hot Deals, ShopBuddy®, Express Pay checkout, social shopping integration and countless other features, the company has become the ultimate online shopping destination.<br /><br />For more information about Market America Worldwide: MarketAmerica.com<br /><br />For more information on SHOP.COM, please visit: www.SHOP.COM<br /><br /> <br />About Sezzle Inc.<br />Sezzle is a rapidly growing fintech company on a mission to financially empower the next generation. Sezzle's payment platform increases the purchasing power for 2.4 million Active Consumers by offering interest-free installment plans at retailers. Sezzle's transparent, inclusive and seamless payment option allows consumers to take control over their spending and gain access to financial freedom. When consumers apply, approval is instant and their credit scores are not impacted, unless the consumer elects to opt in to a credit-building feature called Sezzle Up.<br /><br />This increase in purchasing power for consumers leads to increased sales and basket sizes for the more than 29,200 Active Merchants that offer Sezzle.<br /><br />For more information, visit Sezzle.com.<br /><br />SOURCE Sezzle<br /><br /><br />Related Links<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.sezzle.com">https://www.sezzle.com</a>{% endraw %}
