---
title: "New generation Systec HX-Series autoclaves"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oAdnBVpYD3w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oAdnBVpYD3w"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["autoclaves","laboratory","sterilizers"]
date: "2021-12-07T16:38:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-30T09:44:20Z"
duration: "PT2M1S"
viewcount: "2340"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Systec GmbH"
---
{% raw %}The new, improved generation of Systec HX-Series #autoclaves comes in a new design, with a fully revamped interior and a completely new touchscreen control. The combination of new features guarantees higher work precision, easier maintenance of devices, shorter and more efficient process times.<br /><br />In addition, the new autoclaves come with an Ethernet port as standard and optional Wi-Fi hardware to optimize updating processes, remote maintenance, and remote control of the devices via a computer network. An integrated USB port allows the automated export of documentation data in CSV or PDF format. The expanded internal memory also allows storage of up to 10 years of documentation data, eliminating the need for separate documentation and archiving programs. The integrated documentation function is also interesting from a regulatory point of view, because the new Systec HX-Series generation thereby automatically fulfills a key requirement of the FDA Regulation CFR 21 Part 11. Additional features of the series also serve to satisfy regulatory requirements of the pharmaceutical industry, such as automatically distributed, tamper-proof signatures for generated PDF and CSV files, and the tracking of all actions, adjustments, and alerts using AuditTrail.<br /><br />The framework and the housing covers are made of corrosion-resistant stainless steel (AISI 304 / 1.4301) and are therefore easy to clean. The pressure vessel is made of pharmaceutical stainless steel (AISI 316L / 1.4404) and is designed as standard for up to 4 bar / 140 °C, the temperature and pressure range can be expanded to 5 bar / 150 °C. Up to 5 additional flexible PT-100 temperature sensors are optionally available. Each sensor can be individually configured so as to be used for documentation purposes only or for documenting and controlling the sterilization process. In addition, it allows you to define up to 100 users and groups, which can use the same program list or a single program list with individual programs and settings.<br /><br />The Systec HX-Series consists of front-loading, horizontal #laboratory #sterilizers in 16 sizes with a chamber volume of 65 to 1580 liters as well as the practical Systec #HX-Series 2D pass-through autoclaves from 90 to 1580 liters. These innovative laboratory sterilizers have two doors, making them ideal for space-saving, gas-tight installation in partitions. Thanks to the highly effective and high-quality insulation made of melamine resin foam, there is no risk of particle segregation, which is why Systec autoclaves can be used in clean room conditions without any problems.<br /><br />Systec autoclaves can be used for all laboratory applications, even for demanding #sterilization processes. Laboratories all over the world therefore depend on the reliable autoclaves of Systec GmbH: The state-of-the-art equipment uses steam, high temperatures and pressure to carry out complex sterilization processes for materials such as filled rubbish bags, liquids or porous solids in a reliable, reproducible and verifiable manner.<br /><br />All Systec #sterilizers / #sterilisers can be upgraded on a modular basis, with options and equipment to optimize sterilization processes for performing validatable sterilization procedures. Alternatively, you can add as an upgrade the options needed to optimize the respective sterilization procedures. For the sterilization of solids and waste in bags, Systec sterilizers can be equipped for example with a vacuum system that completely removes the air from the product. This allows steam to penetrate the product and sterilize it so that it can be validated. The integrated Superdry drying system guarantees that solids are completely dried after sterilization. With the Ultracooler, #Systec has developed a cooling system for the sterilization of liquids in bottles, which reduces the cool-down time by up to 90% compared to self-cooling.<br /><br />Systec is supporting national and international #laboratories, #food companies, educational and #research institutions, #pharmaceutical suppliers and breweries all over the world.<br /><br />You are unsure which #autoclave best suits your requirements? Then contact us for further information! By email to: info@systec-lab.de or by phone +49 6403 670 700. Visit also our website: www.systec-lab.com!<br /><br />Systec GmbH - your #partner_for_autoclaves, #sterilizers and #sterilization #processes. #made_in_germany{% endraw %}
