---
title: "RIGHT OR WRONG by WANDA JACKSON"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qCxXnD2bVaw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qCxXnD2bVaw"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["right","or","wrong"]
date: "2021-11-25T16:48:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2008-01-04T09:59:34Z"
duration: "PT2M45S"
viewcount: "958231"
likeCount: "4923"
dislikeCount: "138"
channel: "AlanPaladin"
---
{% raw %}Right or Wrong by Wanda Jackson<br />STUDIO VERSION - 1961<br /><br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br /><br />Right or wrong I'll be with you<br />I'll do what you ask me to<br />For I believe that I belong<br />By your side, right or wrong<br />Right or wrong it's got to be<br />Always you, always me<br />Won't you take me along<br />To be with you right or wrong?<br />If it's right for me to love you<br />It can't be wrong for me to care<br />If you will say you love me<br />My life with you I'll share<br />Right or wrong, day by day<br />All my love, all the way<br />For I believe that I belong<br />By your side, right or wrong<br /><br />Songwriters: Wanda Jackson<br />Right or Wrong lyrics © Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC<br />.<br />Right or Wrong (Wanda Jackson song) <br />From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia<br />&quot;Right or Wrong&quot;<br />Single by Wanda Jackson<br />from the album Right or Wrong<br />B-side  &quot;Funnel of Love&quot;[1]<br />Released  April 1961<br />Format  7&quot; single<br />Recorded  October 28, 1960<br />Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.[2]<br />Genre  Country, Nashville Sound<br />Label  Capitol<br />Writer(s)  Wanda Jackson<br />Producer(s)  Ken Nelson<br />Wanda Jackson singles chronology<br />&quot;Little Charm Bracelet&quot;<br />(1961)  &quot;Right or Wrong&quot;<br />(1961)  &quot;In the Middle of a Heartache&quot;<br />(1961)<br /><br />&quot;Right or Wrong&quot; or &quot;Right or Wrong (I'll Be with You)&quot; is a song written and originally recorded by Wanda Jackson, an American country, rock, and Christian music artist. Originally, the song was a major country and pop hit for Jackson in 1961. A second version was released in 1964 that became popular by American Bubblegum pop artist, Ronnie Dove.<br /><br /><br />The song was recorded at the Bradley Film and Recording Studio on October 28, 1960 in Nashville, Tennessee, United States and was produced by Ken Nelson. It was one of Jackson's first recording sessions in Nashville.[2] &quot;Right or Wrong&quot; was officially issued as a single in April 1961, peaking at number nine on the Billboard Magazine Hot Country and Western Sides chart. It also reached number twenty nine on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her second top-forty single on that list. Thirdly, the single peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, her first entry on to the chart. &quot;Right or Wrong&quot; became the second top-ten country single of Jackson's career.[3]<br /><br />Wanda Jackson version  [ edit ]<br />&quot;Right or Wrong&quot; is associated with Wanda Jackson's &quot;comeback&quot; into mainstream country music. After a series of rock and roll-styled singles during the late 1950s, Jackson ultimately reverted to country and claimed to have lost her &quot;rock&quot; audience. She explained her reasoning to this switch in the book, Finding Her Voice: Women in Country Music, stating, &quot;Then country music began comin' back, and I had written a ballad called 'Right or Wrong' and it became a big hit...I think that when I went back to country I lost my rock and roll fans.&quot;[4]<br />- more info<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right_or_Wrong_(Wanda_Jackson_song)">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right_or_Wrong_(Wanda_Jackson_song)</a><br /><br />ROCK &amp; ROLL HALL OF FAME:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/wanda-jackson">https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/wanda-jackson</a><br />.{% endraw %}
