---
title: "40 People Who Are At Another Level  Most Amazing Skills And Talent EVER!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Z9IBfYOnZAo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Z9IBfYOnZAo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Top","Best","education"]
date: "2021-12-03T15:11:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-02T18:00:13Z"
duration: "PT11M24S"
viewcount: "3698"
likeCount: "175"
dislikeCount: "7"
channel: "Top 5 Best"
---
{% raw %}40 People Who Are At Another Level  Most Amazing Skills And Talent EVER!<br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br />For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: top5bestbusiness@gmail.com<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX">https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX</a><br /><br />Top 5 Best is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #top5best<br /><br />We all have different talents and skills. But there are some people out there who are just...extraordinary. They can do things that I never even thought were possible. In today’s video, we’ll be looking at “40 People Who are at Another Level.” The people in this video are amazing and when you see what they can do I’m pretty sure you’ll feel inspired. Let’s begin.<br /><br />Stephen Wiltshire<br /><br />There are people with mind-blowing visual memory, and there are people with great drawing abilities. And then there’s Stephen Wiltshire...who’s good at both things! This guy can look at things and then draw them exactly as they are with all the details included. <br />Rathakrishnan Velu<br />This Malaysian dude can pull weights of over 200 tonnes by simply using his teeth! No wonder they say he has teeth of steel.<br />Dean Karnazes <br />Dean is known as the “ultrarunner”. He’s been able to run distances further than most people on Earth while enduring some of the most challenging weather conditions. That includes a run around the South Pole where temperatures were way below 25 degrees celsius. How can you run when it’s freezing out there!? Only Dean knows the answer to that.<br />Isao Machii <br />Isao Machii holds many Guinness World Records thanks to the fact that he’s an Iaido Master. And what’s an Iaido Master? It’s someone extremely skilled with swords. Some people also say that his sensory abilities have helped him develop these skills. A lot of the things that he does rely on his reflexes and not on his sight. <br />Claudio Pinto<br />He’s known as the eye-popping man. And when I say popping...I’m talking about a crazy ability to pop both eyes 95% out of their sockets. After many medical tests, doctors can’t explain how a person can do something like this.<br />Tim Cridland<br />When you feel no pain, you probably feel indestructible. That is why Tim Cridland used this ability to entertain people by pushing skewers and needles through various parts of his body. He did not feel a thing!<br /><br />Garth Monks<br />This group of people from Tibet can change the temperature in their bodies simply by using their minds. It’s been recorded that some of them were able to change it by 8 degrees Celsius.<br />Lindsy James<br />Lindsy can run fast...while pushing a baby in a stroller! She became the fastest person to complete a half marathon while doing this in just one hour, 27 minutes and 34 seconds. <br />David Tammet<br />David’s skill would be quite useful to many of us - especially those who are still in school. He can solve complex mathematical problems...in his head! No calculators (or paper) needed!<br />Ben Underwood<br />Ben can see through sounds! Yes. You heard that right. When he was only 3, Ben lost his eyesight. Throughout his life, he learned to make clicking sounds with his mouth and uses the echo of the sounds to assess his surroundings and figure out if there are any obstacles in his path. <br />Daniel Browning Smith<br />Daniel can dislocate his arms and legs and move his entire upper body or face backward without even moving his legs. No wonder they call him “The Rubber Man”.<br />Hai Ngoc<br /><br />This guy never sleeps! And I’m not sure that can be considered a skill but I’d say it’s a very interesting ability. He hasn’t slept since he caught the flu in the mid-70s. Now, I guess what’s surprising is that he can function like any other human even though he doesn’t sleep like all of us. However, in 2006 he said that he was starting to feel like a plant without water. I just hope this guy knows gets some rest at some point...in his own way.<br />Michael Lotito<br />Michael loves to eat. But not just any food. He can eat anything made out of metal, rubber, and everything else that our bodies can’t digest. They call him “Monsieur Mangetout”, which literally means “Mr. Eat-It-All”.<br />Kevin Richardson<br />This guy is known as the lion whisperer. He interacts with wild animals as if they were the closest of friends.<br />Wim Hof <br />They call him “The Ice Man” and that’s because he can withstand temperatures that would probably kill or at least harm most of us. The most impressive thing is that he’s way beyond his 50s and he discovered his hidden ability when he was in his 20s. He said he decided to jump in a freezing lake on a cold winter night...and it felt so good! <br />Muhammad Rashid<br />Muhammad Rashid got recognition after becoming the person who was able to crush 77 drink cans in less than 60 seconds!{% endraw %}
