---
title: "Intense Lucid Dreaming Music With (POWERFUL 12 TONE MATRIX!!!) Binaural Beats Theta Brainwave Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pfCdFuE_qhc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pfCdFuE_qhc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["4hz","6hz","binaural beats"]
date: "2021-11-12T19:10:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-11T23:58:48Z"
duration: "PT5H1S"
viewcount: "3767"
likeCount: "179"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Theta Realms - Brainwave Sound Journeys"
---
{% raw %}Intense Lucid Dreaming Music With (POWERFUL 12 TONE MATRIX!!!) Binaural Beats Theta Brainwave Music By Theta Realms Brainwave Sound Journeys. Binaural beats isochronic tones beds and a powerful theta brainwave music meditation for intense lucid dreaming potential and or sleep meditation enjoyment. This entry into the 12 tone matrix music series is called DREAM WEAVER.<br /><br />Finally, the 12 tone matrix appears again, and Mr theta combines it with some intense lucid dreaming music! The original 12 tone matrix combo has been used many times in my many years of releasing experimental meditations and styles. Still, almost always, this combo has provided people with the best lucid dreaming binaural beats experience. Meaning this combo is compelling, and I have altered it several times over the years and found that it best suits the intense theta brainwave music vs. relaxing styles. So here again, I bring back the intense designs for deep dives and lucid dreaming music theta meditation enjoyment out of this world!<br /><br />Have fun and enjoy and remember to lower the volume to your desired level and it doesn't need to be LOUD to be effective or potent. As a rule, listening to music overly loud for long periods can result in hearing loss, so always meditate at a comfortable level!<br /><br />Enjoy the dream weaver if you get a chance, and always journey well!<br /><br /><br />🎵 DOWNLOAD  WAV - MP3 FILE OF THIS SINGLE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR FULL ACCESS - ▶️<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://thetarealms.bandcamp.com/album/intense-lucid-dreaming-music-with-powerful-12-tone-matrix-binaural-beats-theta-brainwave-music">https://thetarealms.bandcamp.com/album/intense-lucid-dreaming-music-with-powerful-12-tone-matrix-binaural-beats-theta-brainwave-music</a><br /><br /><br />WHAT IS THE 12 TONE MATRIX?<br /><br />12 tone matrix is a fancy way of saying I embedded this sound journey with 12 layers of potent binaural beats. These binaural beats are all synchronized to the main THETA frequency settings. In other words, all 12  binaural beat tones resonate in unison to induce deep theta. These 12 layers of binaural beats also resonate in tuned pitches or sound tones, and they are all different. Perfect for intense lucid dreaming experiences or super deep theta meditation.<br /><br /><br />✔ LUCID DREAMING<br /><br />✔ ASTRAL PROJECTION<br /><br />✔ SHAMANIC STATES OF CONSCIOUSNESS <br /><br />✔ RESTORATIVE MEDITATION EXPERIENCE<br /><br />✔ ALTERED STATES<br /><br />✔ VIVID DREAMS<br /><br />✔ DEEP INSIGHTS<br /><br />✔ SPIRITUAL AWAKENINGS<br /><br />✔ HIGHER CONSCIOUSNESS<br /><br />✔ STRESS RELEASE<br /><br />✔ REJUVENATION MEDITATION IF USED AT THE CORRECT VOLUME LEVEL.<br /><br />Please Rate 👍 , share 🙏and comment 🤓 and stay tuned for Much More!<br /><br />Music Custom Composed by Mr. Theta for Theta Realms. Theta Realms Brainwave Sound Journeys Creates some of the most powerful music for meditation &amp; best lucid dreaming music to induce Lucid Dream Potential. Various meditation music styles and mighty Binaural Beats Brainwave Music, Theta Meditation Music, and Astral Projection Music to navigate what many call the Astral Plane. Amazing Theta Binaural Beats and custom Music created for Out of Body Perception, Relaxation, Sleep Meditation, and Enjoyment.<br /><br />All Music Custom Composed and Created by Mr. Theta for Theta Realms - Brainwave Sound Journeys TM (c) All rights reserved 2021 - on youtube since 2008 and created in 2003 as a vision. This is the official home page of theta realms - brainwave sound journeys. I own all rights to my music creations.<br /><br />#ThetaRealms​ #BrainwaveSoundJourneys​ #BinauralBeats​ #isochronicTones #IntenseLucidDreamingMusic #ThetaBrainwaveMusic #PowerfulLucidDreamingBinauralBeats<br />#BinauralBeatsTheta #IntenseLucidDreamMusic{% endraw %}
