---
title: "What A Surprise, CHANEL!! Classic Flaps are BACK!! Chanel Cruise 2022 - LONDON LUXURY SHOPPING VLOG"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FbezrJNmcP0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FbezrJNmcP0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["london luxury shopping vlog","luxury shopping vlog","london luxury shopping vlog 2021"]
date: "2021-11-22T20:29:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-22T15:00:20Z"
duration: "PT24M50S"
viewcount: "1691"
likeCount: "178"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Romina Rose May"
---
{% raw %}Join me today for my What A Surprise, CHANEL!! Classic Flaps are BACK!! Chanel Cruise 2022 - LONDON LUXURY SHOPPING VLOG 2021 video!! Do you love luxury shopping vlogs as much as I do? I really missed Harrods and I can't believe how many beautiful designer handbags I spotted!! The new Chanel Fall Winter 2021 Collection is finally out - otherwise known as the Chanel 21K Collection - and I've fallen in love with the red velvet Chanel Mini Rectangular, the pink Chanel Coco Handle, the rainbow Chanel Mini Reissue and the black Chanel CC Tote which is a vintage Chanel bag that has been reissued for this year's Chanel 21K Collection!! However, the pink Chanel Diana Bag and the Chanel Classic Flap Bag in the Jumbo size are still next on my handbag wishlist!! I can't wait to show you more of Chanel Cruise 2022 - or Chanel 22C - which is going to hit the boutiques this month!!<br /><br />Luxury shopping in London is great, especially shopping at Dior, Chanel &amp; Louis Vuitton!! You never know what you'll find on a luxury shopping spree!! I love the Bottega Veneta Chain Pouch in black and my dream Fendi Peekaboo Mini with the embroidered flowers!! Another highlight was the Louis Vuitton Papillon Trunk Bag - they still don't have any Louis Vuitton Nano Speedy models in stock. Stay tuned for my luxury shopping haul next week - can you guess what items I bought? Maybe something from Dior - a Dior Saddle Bag, a Dior Book Tote or another Lady Dior - what do we think about Dior's new micro bags by the way? I'm in love with the micro Lady Dior!! Or maybe some Dior jewellery? I've been collecting many Dior jewelry pieces for some time now, especially Dior earrings!! I'm also a sucker for Chanel earrings and Chanel jewellery in general!! Did you spot anything in the Chanel Sale - maybe some Chanel shoes?<br /><br />Today, we are going to visit Designer Exchange London in Knightsbridge - a reseller of vintage and pre-loved designer handbags. They have so many beautiful Hermes Birkin 30 models in stock - what Hermès Birkin or Kelly do you dream of adding to your handbag collection? Also, which luxury handbags do you want to buy next? I still can't believe I was able to try on the beautiful Hermes Himalayan Bag - the Hermes Himalayan Birkin is the most expensive handbag in the world!!<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this London Luxury Shopping Vlog at Hermes, Dior, Chanel &amp; Louis Vuitton - there's also some Zara Come Shopping With Me videos coming soon!! The next Zara Haul 2021 is just around the corner!! Let me know what you think about the Louis Vuitton Wild at Heart 2021 Collection and the new Dior Cruise 2022 Collection!! I love Selfridges and Harrods London and I hope you enjoyed this shopping spree as much as I did!! Tell me about your first Hermes experience - I will also upload new Chanel 21K &amp; Chanel 22C Collection videos soon - what pieces from Chanel Autumn Winter 2021 are you currently eyeing? Also, there will be lots of new Chanel Coco Neige 2021 &amp; Chanel Cruise 2022 eye candy coming this month!!<br /><br />More fashion hauls, shopping vlogs and designer handbag collection videos coming soon!! Xx{% endraw %}
