---
title: "Jameson Lopp: Secure Your Bitcoin, Secure Your Future."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KFhb-8RvS1I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KFhb-8RvS1I"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Jameson","Lopp:","Secure"]
date: "2021-12-15T06:39:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-13T13:03:31Z"
duration: "PT1H25M49S"
viewcount: "1212"
likeCount: "100"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Natalie Brunell"
---
{% raw %}This week's Coin Stories features Bitcoin security expert and Casa CTO, Jameson Lopp. <br /> <br />***<br />Coin Stories is brought to you in part by The Bitcoin Conference and Okcoin. BITCOIN 2022 will be the BIGGEST BITCOIN EVENT IN HISTORY held in Miami on April 6-9, 2022. For 10% Off your Bitcoin Conference Ticket head to <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://b.tc/conference and">https://b.tc/conference and</a> use code COINSTORIES<br /> <br />***<br />Okcoin is on a mission to make crypto investing and trading easily accessible to anyone around the world. We are building the next generation of tools to help onboard the investors and traders who have been on the fence about crypto. Okcoin a globally licensed exchange with offices in San Francisco, Miami, Malta, Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan. We are a collective of global citizens with a common passion to help decentralize finance and level the economic playing field for everyone around the world. Visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://go.okcoin.com/natalie for">https://go.okcoin.com/natalie for</a> $50 in Bitcoin when you sign up.<br /> <br />***<br /><br />Jameson Lopp is a cypherpunk, software engineer, writer, and Bitcoin security expert. He is the co-founder and CTO of BTC security provider Casa. <br /><br />Prior to joining Casa, Lopp was a software engineer at BitGo. He first became involved in Bitcoin around 2012. <br /><br />Lopp made national headlines in 2017 when he was the victim of a swatting attack. He decided to live off the grid as the result of that incident, and the New York Times has written about the extent to which Lopp went in order to privatize his life. He purchased a decoy house, created a number of business entities and paid private investigators to try and find him. His exact location remains unknown and in his community he is only known by a pseudonym. <br /><br />For more information and Bitcoin resources head to lopp.net<br /><br />Timecodes:<br />00:00 Intro and discount codes<br />2:11 Jameson family background<br />7:24 Upbringing and money<br />10:01 Early career<br />14:03 Leading to Bitcoin discovery<br />16:01 Jameson’s Bitcoin journey<br />18:15 Buying Bitcoin early <br />21:03 Mt. Gox and Jameson’s BTC conviction<br />25:44 Bitcoin’s quickly growing adoption<br />28:20 Transitioning to Bitcoin career<br />30:57 Swatting incident<br />35:42 Going on a journey to privatize his life<br />39:26 How hidden is Jameson’s identity<br />40:57 Most surprising part on journey to privacy<br />43:16 Why is privacy for everyone important<br />46:56 Who is the swatter?<br />49:42 Jameson’s message to the swatter<br />50:52 How can average person gain more privacy<br />52:51 Ad blockers<br />54:23 How did Satoshi hide his/her identity?<br />56:35 Satoshi’s identity<br />57:55 Jameson and Casa<br />1:01:19 Self-custody help with Bitcoin<br />1:04:05 Self-custody and mass adoption<br />1:08:45 Why Casa if you have cold storage?<br />1:12:00 Bitcoin inheritance and wills<br />1:17:33 Bitcoin projects and developments<br />1:18:44 Where Jameson sees Bitcoin in 10 years<br />1:22:43 Bitcoin in El Salvador<br />1:25:20 1 BTC=1 BTC{% endraw %}
