---
title: "Miss Marple The Mirror Cracked from side to side by Agatha Christie"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dTHT0CdOHZw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dTHT0CdOHZw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["audio book","audiobooks","complete audiobooks"]
date: "2021-12-07T13:34:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-27T18:00:20Z"
duration: "PT8H33M52S"
viewcount: "8747"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Relaxation Report"
---
{% raw %}By Me A Coffee  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ko-fi.com/relaxationreport13026">https://ko-fi.com/relaxationreport13026</a><br />Thumbnails are copyright to this channel.<br />Jane Marple falls while walking in St. Mary Mead. She is helped by Heather Badcock, who brings her into her home and tells how she met American actress Marina Gregg, who recently moved to England and bought Gossington Hall from Marple's friend Dolly Bantry.<br /><br />Gregg and her latest husband, film producer Jason Rudd, host a fête in honour of St John Ambulance. Guests include Bantry, actress Lola Brewster, Gregg's friend Ardwyck Fenn, Badcock, and Badcock's husband Arthur. All five all meet Gregg in a private room and have their picture taken. Bantry notices a strange look cross Gregg's face as Badcock tells Gregg she got her autograph when they met in Bermuda years ago. Later Bantry hears of Badcock's sudden collapse and death at the fête.<br /><br />When Bantry recounts the events to Marple she uses a line from The Lady of Shalott to describe Gregg's face. Detective-Inspector Dermot Craddock investigates the death, discovering that Badcock died after ingesting six times the recommended dose of a tranquillizer, Calmo. The drug was in a daiquiri, originally Gregg's, which was instead given to Badcock after someone jogged Badcock's arm, causing her to spill her drink.<br /><br />Craddock delves into the complicated past of the presumed target, Gregg. Desperate to have a child, she had adopted three before giving birth to a mentally disabled son and suffering a nervous breakdown. One of the adopted children, Margot Bence, was at Gossington Hall on the day of the fête. Despite her hatred towards her adoptive mother she denies killing Badcock.<br /><br />Two people are killed while the investigation continues: Ella Zielinsky, Rudd's social secretary, dies from a poisoned atomizer she uses for hay fever; and Giuseppe, Gregg's butler, is shot that night after spending the day in London and depositing £500 into his bank account. Ardwyck Fenn tells Craddock he received a phone call days before, accusing him of killing Badcock, and that he recognized the anonymous caller as Zielinsky when she sneezed.<br /><br />In the village Marple's house cleaner, Cherry Baker, tells Marple her friend Gladys, who was a server at Gossington Hall on the day of the fête, told her she believes 'she deliberately spilled her cocktail' and that she was going to meet Giuseppe before he died. Marple sends Gladys on holiday to Bournemouth and phones the vicar, before travelling to Gossington Hall to discover Gregg has died in her sleep from an overdose.<br /><br />Marple reconstructs how Badcock told of her meeting Gregg in Bermuda, and reveals that Gregg must have been the murderer. Badcock, who had German measles when she sought Gregg's autograph, had been indirectly responsible for Gregg's son being born disabled, and her subsequent nervous breakdown. Overcome with rage, Gregg put the Calmo in her own daiquiri, jolted Badcock's arm to spill her drink and then gave her the drugged cocktail as a replacement. To cover her crime Gregg tried to convince everyone she had been the target of a murder attempt. She killed Zielinsky and Giuseppe after they guessed her involvement and Giuseppe blackmailed her. Marple sent Gladys away to protect her from becoming Gregg's next victim.<br /><br />Marple then implies Rudd administered Gregg's overdose to prevent her from taking another life. Rudd comments on his wife's beauty and the suffering she endured.<br />audio book<br />audiobooks<br />complete audiobooks<br />audiobooks online<br />audiobooks free on youtube<br />agatha christie audiobooks<br />13<br />m c beaton audiobooks<br />audiobooks in english<br />downloade free audiobooks<br />agatha raisin audiobooks<br />hamish macbeth audiobook<br />audiobook<br />audiobooks free<br />audiobooks full length<br />audio library<br />talking books<br />Miss Marple The Mirror Cracked from side to side by Agatha Christie<br />4<br />miss marple read by rosemnary leach<br />13<br />miss<br />20<br />miss marple full episodes<br />miss marple{% endraw %}
