---
title: "Upbeat Study Music EDM Mix Peak Focus Mix - Beta Isochronic Tones"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0zbmR3G2Xhg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0zbmR3G2Xhg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["peak focus for complex tasks","upbeat study music for concentration","study music for better concentration"]
date: "2021-12-16T01:07:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-15T16:00:00Z"
duration: "PT1H"
viewcount: "1137"
likeCount: "100"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Jason Lewis - Mind Amend"
---
{% raw %}Upbeat EDM mix study music for focus.  Part of my peak focus for complex tasks series.  Beta isochronic tones - reach a high focus mental state.<br /><br />► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H12Fk08_2TQ&amp;list=PLveg0IEcZWN7eQvidQOrkxiBvH0Skewwv">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H12Fk08_2TQ&amp;list=PLveg0IEcZWN7eQvidQOrkxiBvH0Skewwv</a><br /><br />► Subscribe to my channel and be updated with my latest tracks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/user/MindAmend?sub_confirmation=1">http://www.youtube.com/user/MindAmend?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />Use this track when working on advanced and complicated topics like coding/programming, mathematics, scientific formulas, financial analysis or any complex mental activity.<br /><br />Isochronic tones produce a stronger and more powerful brainwave entrainment effect when compared to binaural beats or standard music.<br /><br />What is this?<br /><br />This is a high-intensity audio brainwave entrainment session, using isochronic tones.  Listen to this when you need a strong burst of intense focus to concentrate and study things like advanced mathematics, scientific formulas, financial analysis or any other complex mental activity. <br /><br />How is this session constructed?<br /><br />The session starts off beating at 10Hz and ramps up to 18Hz by the 6-minute mark.  It stays at 18Hz until the final 5 minutes where it ramps back down again.<br /><br />How to use it?<br /><br />Listen to this track with your eyes open while doing the task/activity you want to focus on.<br /><br />Headphones are NOT required<br /><br />Although headphones are not required you may find they produce a more intense effect, because they help to block out distracting external sounds. <br /><br />When to listen?<br /><br />Because this track increases your beta brainwave activity, it's best to listen to this during the daytime and early evening.  If you listen to this too close to bedtime, it might disrupt your sleep, in a similar way to how you might respond if you drank coffee just before going to bed.<br /><br />How loud should the volume be?<br /><br />The main thing to consider is that it should be loud enough to hear the repetitive isochronic tones, so you don't want it so quiet you can hardly hear them.  But you also don't want it so loud that it's uncomfortable for you and hurts your ears, or gives you a headache.  I'd recommend starting with the volume around halfway and adjust it to a level that you feel comfortable with from there.<br /><br />#upbeatstudymusic<br />#edmstudymusic<br />#focusmusic<br /><br />-----<br />Music credit: <br />PALA- Fashion Week<br />David Thulin - The Citadel<br />Mikey Geiger - Night Train to Nowhere<br />Matt Wigton - Daybreakers<br />Daniele Musto - Tech 2<br />PALA - Neon Waterfalls<br />Plato - The Moon and The Stars<br />Wilasco - Call Me Again<br />Wilasco - Meet Me There<br />David Thulin - Borean Tundra<br />Ryan Klos - Betta Kno<br />Bryant Lowry - Lucid<br />David Thulin - Markarth<br />Mikey Geiger - Big Room Bobby<br />Daniele Musto - Turn it Up<br />Elison - Ether{% endraw %}
