---
title: "Bitcoin Setting Up BIG Signal...WATCH OUT For This One BTC Move!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sxMruIyvpLg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sxMruIyvpLg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["bitcoin","bitcoin news","bitcoin price"]
date: "2021-12-12T02:36:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-11T21:13:33Z"
duration: "PT10M7S"
viewcount: "7583"
likeCount: "970"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "Crypto Capital Venture"
---
{% raw %}Intro 00:00<br />-40% Bitcoin dip 00:25<br />BTC Bear market...yes or no? 1:00<br />Here is what BTC bears need 1:50<br />Short term price burst potential 2:30<br />The area Bitcoin bulls need to test and break 3:30<br />$29,000 Bitcoin target (speculative scenario) 5:30<br />The macro charts come into play 5:45<br />Bitcoin is STILL in uptrend until proven otherwise 7:50<br />Current btc support 8:50<br /><br />Bitcoin is still in an uptrend, even after a 40% BTC dip. Now is the time to watch the charts in anticipation of all scenarios for Bitcoin. As of right now, Bitcoin. is still in bull market, but a simple move to the downside could signal the start of bear territory for this number one crypto.<br /><br />📈 iTrustCapital Self-Trade Cryptocurrency in Your IRA/401K - - TAX FREE!<br />      ⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇<br />iTrustCapital - Get $100 in FREE BTC -  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3k449CR">https://bit.ly/3k449CR</a><br /><br />⚡ Follow Dan On Twitter<br />⚡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/cryptorecruitr">http://twitter.com/cryptorecruitr</a><br /><br />Crypto Capital Venture New - Cycles of Bitcoin - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BLX/IzGnRABO-The-Cycles-Of-Bitcoin-Speculative">https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BLX/IzGnRABO-The-Cycles-Of-Bitcoin-Speculative</a><br />☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰☰<br /><br />*Crypto Capital Venture does not guarantee or make any representations or claims to any particular amount of staking rewards that you will earn through delegating your Cardano. Any return that the protocol disburses to you is decided by the protocol. You are not investing your Cardano with Crypto Capital Venture. Delegating to a Crypto Capital Venture stake pool does not involve transferring or legally assigning the Cardano or the rights thereof. Crypto Capital Venture simply serves as a validator and provides community members a way to delegate to the Cardano Protocol consensus mechanism. All staking percentage rates and all rules and parameters are decided by the Cardano protocol.<br /><br />*The above video references an opinion and is for news/information and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended to be investment advice, financial advice, or any solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or offer that you buy or sell any cryptocurrency or securities. Trading in cryptocurrencies and securities is a high risk activity involving risk of loss so please seek a duly licensed professional for investment or financial advice. The information provided on this video should not be used to make any investment or financial decisions without consulting your financial or investment advisor. This video contains my opinion only and is not intended to cause harm or defame anyone or any entity.<br /><br />Crypto Capital Venture is big on tracking bitcoin market in particular. The general premise of technical analysis videos on Crypto Capital Venture is that although Bitcoin price price moves very in a very volatile way, there is much opportunity in being prepared for upside and downside. We also cover Bitcoin news on this channel as it comes out.<br /><br />#crypto #cardano #btc #cryptocurrency #cryptocapitalventure #blockchain #finance #stock #investment #crypto #altcoin<br /><br />bitcoin, decentralized, altcoins, altcoin, top altcoin, best altcoin, crypto, cryptocurrency, buy cryptocurrency, invest bitcoin, buy bitcoin, best altcoin, cardano, ada,{% endraw %}
