---
title: "This $19,990,000 Gorgeous Hollywood Hills Mansion is a true entertainer's paradise (Price Cut)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZNdbuyhcbmw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZNdbuyhcbmw"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["luxury residences","luxury homes","Luxury houses"]
date: "2021-11-22T05:21:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T15:04:30Z"
duration: "PT5M31S"
viewcount: "7916"
likeCount: "439"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "Luxury Houses - American Homes"
---
{% raw %}Visit to support <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://luxury-houses.net">https://luxury-houses.net</a> | LUXURY HOUSES - AMERICAN HOMES - Inspiring Your Dream House <br />** Location: 1 Bode Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90069<br />** Price: $19,990,000<br />** Beds: 5<br />** Baths: 8<br />** Living: 10,000 sqft<br />** Lot size: 0.99 Acres<br />** Built: 2019<br />Agent | Listed by: Sally Forster Jones at Compass (Phone: 310.579.2200) &amp; Jonathan Nash at Hilton &amp; Hyland (Phone: 424.230.6088)<br />Courtesy of : Sally Forster Jones &amp; Jonathan Nash<br />Video Credit : Parallel (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://vimeo.com/user113620945)">https://vimeo.com/user113620945)</a><br /><br />For more information please visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sallyforsterjones.com/listing/1-bode-drive/">https://sallyforsterjones.com/listing/1-bode-drive/</a> or <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://resnickandnash.com/listings/1-bode-dr/">https://resnickandnash.com/listings/1-bode-dr/</a><br /><br />#luxuryhouses #americanhomes #luxuryhousesamericanhomes #luxurylistings<br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />✔️ ABOUT THE PROPERTY: 1 BODE DRIVE, LOS ANGELES, CA<br />Presenting this immaculate Hollywood Hills contemporary promising the ultimate luxurious California living, perched above the famed Sunset Strip with jetliner views. Tucked away from the city, the home sits at the end of a private, gated street and is enveloped by explosive vistas from DTLA to the Pacific. The entry is itself a geometric statement piece with modern, cubic columns illuminated and framing the cityscape in the distance. With a sweeping open floor plan and endless indoor/outdoor flow, the compound is a true entertainer's paradise. Each space is beautifully accented by balconies and disappearing walls of glass allowing for you to enjoy the mesmerizing vistas from nearly every room.<br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />✔️ ABOUT THE AGENT: <br /> 1) SALLY FORSTER JONE - COMPASS<br />Sally Forster Jones is one of the top real estate brokers in Southern California and has closed more than 5500 transactions totaling $8.5 billion in career sales.<br /><br />As founder and CEO of the Sally Forster Jones Group, she leads a successful real estate team that continues to set the bar for Los Angeles real estate. Under Sally’s leadership, the team has been a constant fixture on the REAL Trends “The Thousand” list, where it has ranked among the nation’s top real estate teams year after year. In 2019, the Sally Forster Jones Group was also inducted into the inaugural class of the Inman Golden I Club as the top luxury team in the nation. Sally herself maintains a consistent presence on several “best of” lists for real estate production, including The Hollywood Reporter’s list of Top 30 Real Estate Agents and the Los Angeles Business Journal’s annual ranking of residential real estate brokers, where she was named among the top five agents for total L.A. County sales volume in 2019.<br />- Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.compass.com/">https://www.compass.com/</a><br />- Address: <br />- Phone: 310-579-2200<br />- Email: showings@sfjgroup.com<br /><br />2) JONATHAN NASH - HILTON &amp; HYLAND<br />Born and raised in London, England, Jonathan Nash has spent almost 17 years in the world of real estate, in a multitude of capacities across the business.<br /><br />In 2000, Jonathan started working for boutique central London estate agency Aston Chase, leaving six years later to join international development and investment company Rock Investments. Following that, he set up his own real estate development company, LandCap Ltd, while he simultaneously established and ran Auction House London Ltd (residential auction house). During his years out of agency, Jonathan still acted as an acquisition agent for a select group of clients, as well as advising international concierge company Quintessentially on development strategy for their real estate business.<br />- Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://resnickandnash.com/">https://resnickandnash.com/</a><br />- Address: 257 N Canon Dr. 2nd Floor, Beverly Hills, CA 90210<br />- Phone: 424-230-6088<br />- Email: info@resnickandnash.com<br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />✔️ ABOUT LUXURY HOUSES – AMERICAN HOMES CHANNEL: <br />- Luxury Houses – American Homes is targeting to become  COMMON CHANNEL for Real Estate Agents where they present their listings as well as promote their brands to millions of people worldwide.<br />- When you are ready to present your listings, please send us the property videos, and we will post them within 24 hours.<br />- Please send TAKEDOWN request to us if your property videos do not plan to exist longer on the Luxury Houses – American Homes Channel. We will put your request into action within 12 hours.<br /><br />- Please email your property videos and take down request: luxuryhousesmedia@gmail.com<br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />✔️ DISCLAIMER:<br />- All images, videos are copyright each Real Estate Agent &amp; Studio, Photographer mentioned. <br />- All information contained in the LUXURY HOUSES - AMERICAN HOMES is provided as a convenience to audiences. All property prices displayed on the channel are current at the time of publication, but may change at any time and are subject to availability.{% endraw %}
