---
title: "The Filth .. Inner City Streets Of Kingston Upon Hull"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Faj518BSByM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Faj518BSByM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Hull","Refuse","filth"]
date: "2021-12-25T01:00:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-11T13:32:29Z"
duration: "PT5M3S"
viewcount: "1603"
likeCount: "9"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Litterbugs"
---
{% raw %}There are pleasant, well kept areas in Kingston but the inner city streets are so neglected they are now thought to be the filthiest in Britain. <br />It is of course the responsibility of householders to attend to their refuse, sort recyclables and get their bins ready for collection.  Unfortunately some just don't,  others don't care,  some non English speaking newcomers have difficulty understanding the system,  while others simply forget to put their bins out for collection.<br />There is a commonly used excuse that bin collection staff aren't insured and therefore cannot step onto private land to collect bins.  If this is actually the case, then an insurance policy, similar to that which covers postal service staff to cross boundaries, should be applied for.  <br />The council needs to amend the punitive policy of not emptying contaminated blue bins, or bins not placed on the footpath for collection.  If these bins are not already full,  then leaving them for a further two weeks simply leads to overfilling, spilling more debris on to the street.  With no space left in the bins, supplementary black bags (which the council also won't collect) start clogging up frontages. In turn these attract bag splitters, cats, vermin and add even more debris... and so on it goes.  &quot;for the want of a nail&quot;.<br />The council, instead, needs to actively explore measures to properly inform and persuade offending householders to complete these basic duties. Including a zero tolerance approach to prosecution.  The prosecution route also applies to  those who throw litter or cigarette butts onto our streets.  There is a statutory fixed fine of £100 for this offence.  That is a £100 into the civic purse.  Each £100 adding to the funds needed to staff and clean our streets.  How many of these litter enforcement penalty fines do you think HCC has issued in the past few years?  Ask them. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/new/hull_city_council">https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/new/hull_city_council</a><br />Some members of the council have taken criticism personally.  Being upset having a finger pointed in their direction, while happily pointing their own at 'Tory' government cuts as the problem. This simplistic logic would have us conclude other authorities under similar budgetary constraints have similarly filthy streets.  They don't. <br />The proof of the pudding is always in the eating.  We mustn't heed &quot;We are doing a good job&quot; flannel from ANY party. If the streets aren't clean, the job isn't being done. <br />Dismiss those not up to the task and employ those who are.  <br />Compliments to the environmental department for demonstrating how to use authority effectively .. the Sainsburys blocked drain at the beginning of this video has been cleared.{% endraw %}
