---
title: "GAMBIT vs KRU | MOST EPIC GAME IN VALORANT CHAMPIONS BERLIN DEC 9 2021"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Nnt2aYKJT34\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Nnt2aYKJT34"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["valorant","valorant champions","valorant highlights"]
date: "2021-12-12T08:57:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-11T23:59:52Z"
duration: "PT2H44M22S"
viewcount: "20118"
likeCount: "541"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "VALORANT VODS"
---
{% raw %}POST MATCH INTERVIEW - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/YX2kQMFjXhA">https://youtu.be/YX2kQMFjXhA</a><br /><br />HELP US PROMOTE VALORANT , PLAY NOW - playvalorant.com <br />LETS MAKE IT No 1 TACTICAL SHOOTER GAME .<br /><br />CREDITS - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.twitch.tv/valorant">https://www.twitch.tv/valorant</a><br /><br /><br />IF YOU HAVE ANY PROBLEM &amp; WANT TO TAKE DOWN THE VIDEO JUST<br />EMAIL TO : officialvalorantvods@gmail.com<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Subscribe for more valorant content &amp; to support the channel, Thank you!<br /><br /><br />Language: ENG<br /><br /><br />#Valorant<br />#GAM<br />#KRU<br /><br />GAMBIT vs KRU | MOST EPIC GAME IN VALORANT CHAMPIONS BERLIN DEC 9 2021(B03)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />We call HIGHLIGHTS a video where you find the best plays of the game with the best clips, best frags, valorant pro highlights, twitch highlights, with the best players in the world like sinatraa, shahzam, sick, zombs, dapr, hazed, drone, wardell, subroza, reltuc, bjor, jcstani, koler, asuna, genghsta, tenz, relyks, mitch, shinobi, vice, brax, azk, crashies, food, skadoodle, akis, calypso, fns, kaboose, mummay, supamen, poised, laski, dephh, psalm, corey, zachareee, marved, rawkus, babybay, hiko, yaboidre, pride, valliate, venerated, mixwell, patitek, pyth, ardiis, davidp, kryptix, l1nk, ec1s, soulcas, scream, rhyme, crea, luckerrr, fearoth, hyp, and much more.<br />лучшие клипы, лучшие моменты valorant, яркие моменты, все здесь в одном видео.<br />parhaat leikkeet, valorant pro -kohokohdat, nykytilan kohokohdat, kaikki täällä yhdessä videossa, melhores mementos.<br />moments forts de valorant pro, moments forts de twitch, le tout ici dans une seule vidéo, valorant pro match highlights, valorant tournament highlights, valorant full match highlights.<br />The best tier 1 and tier 2 teams in the world such as Sentinels, TSM, Team SoloMID, T1, Immortals, Gen.G, 100T, 100Thieves, Cloud9, c9, ENVY, FaZe, FaZe Clan, G2, Team Liquid, NiP, Ninjas in Pyjamas<br />If you want more than just looking at VALORANT scores, you can watch how the pro matches unfolded, if you had no time to follow up with valorant live scores.<br /><br />Valorant is an esports ready game, it was actually ment to become an esport by RIOT Games! There are many competitions since the beta started, even during beta period there were numerous tournaments for valorant.<br /><br />If you are completely new the esport, or valorant esport, the best way to jump into it, is to watch the best tournament highlights! Valorant tournaments are played by pro gamers, pro gamers actually get paid to go the extra mile and invest time and energy into mastering one single type of game, in our case it's valorant!<br />The valorant esport scene is pretty fresh, as RIOT released the game this year 2nd June 2020. Since then the RIOT supported Valorant Ignition Series events are the ones hyping the esport side of the game. The event are available wordlwide, we have most of our big events in NA, but we have events in EU, SA, ASIA, Oceania, even in Africa, so the community is really becoming a broad audience!<br /> you'll find the most anticipated matches in a highlight format, so matches instead of the average 45 mins, will be condensed into a roughly 10 minutes higlights video per map played.<br />ENJOY the ride with us - as a community - and ENJOY valorant!{% endraw %}
