---
title: "Alien Looking Animals You Will See For The First Time"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3I4OrpyGAvE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3I4OrpyGAvE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["alien looking animals","alien","aliens"]
date: "2021-12-02T08:34:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-01T16:21:14Z"
duration: "PT13M31S"
viewcount: "3358"
likeCount: "140"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Ultimate Fact"
---
{% raw %}We are always curios to know about alien life. Our knowledge about alien are limited within movies and comic books. However, you will be amazed to know that there is some star citizen in wildlife who look exactly like ancient alien. Here are top 20 alien looking animals that actually exist.<br />1. Scaleless blackfish<br />This dangerous alien looking fish was discovered with several others, most of which were quickly identified as local commercial fish. The discovery of those fish was a bit surprising — researchers had previously thought that once larvae got swept so far away, into areas with less-than-ideal conditions, they were goners. Dragonfish tend to live deeper in the ocean, which is why most people never come across them. Little did they know, the larvae were thriving in their own eddies, small, circulating sections of water that typically move against the current. <br />2. Tarsius<br />The fur is thick, silky, and coloured gray to dark brown. The tail is scaly on the underside like a rat's; in most species it has an edging or terminal brush of hair. Enormous eyes and padded digits are adaptations that evolved in the tarsier, a nocturnal arboreal primate of the rainforests of Southeast Asia. This alien looking predators include small carnivores, predatory birds such as owls, and people. To protect themselves they hide in burrows. For the past 45 million years, tarsiers have inhabited rainforests around the world, but now they exist on only a few islands in the Philippines, Borneo, and Indonesia. <br />3. Mantis shrimp<br />The eyes of this alien looking animal are mounted on mobile stalks and can move independently of each other. They are thought to have the most complex eyes in the animal kingdom and have the most complex visual system ever discovered. Compared with the three types of photoreceptor cells that humans possess in their eyes, the eyes of a mantis shrimp have between 12 and 16 types of photoreceptor cells. Furthermore, some of these shrimps can tune the sensitivity of their long-wavelength color vision to adapt to their environment. This phenomenon, called &quot;spectral tuning&quot;, is species-specific. <br />4. Gulper Eel<br />At the first look you might think a strange alien looking creature. Gulper Eel is one of the most bizarre looking creatures in the deep sea. Its most notable attribute is the large mouth. This enormous mouth is much larger than the eel's body. The mouth is loosely hinged, and can be opened wide enough to swallow an animal much larger than itself. In fact, this eel is sometimes referred to as the pelican eel. The gulper's stomach can also stretch to accommodate its large meals. This giant mouth gives the eel its other common name of umbrella mouth gulper.<br />5. Goblin shark<br />The goblin shark has a distinctively long and flat snout, resembling a blade. The proportional length of the snout decreases with age. The eyes are small and lack protective nictitating membranes; behind the eyes are spiracles that make it alien like appearance. The large mouth is parabolic in shape. The jaws are very protrusible and can be extended almost to the end of the snout, though normally they are held flush against the underside of the head. <br />6. Giant Isopod<br />The large eyes are compound with nearly 4,000 facets, sessile, and spaced far apart on the head. They have two pairs of antennae. The uniramous thoracic legs or pereiopods are arranged in seven pairs, the first of which is modified into maxillipeds to manipulate and bring food to the four sets of jaws. These alien sea creature has five segments called pleonites in abdomen, each with a pair of biramous pleopods; these are modified into swimming legs and rami, flat respiratory structures acting as gills. The isopods are a pale lilac or pinkish in color.<br />7. Axolotl<br />Their heads are wide, and their eyes are lidless. Their limbs are underdeveloped and possess long, thin digits. Males are identified by their swollen cloacae lined with papillae, while females are noticeable for their wider bodies full of eggs. Three pairs of external gill stalks originate behind their heads and are used to move oxygenated water. The external gill rami are lined with filaments to increase surface area for gas exchange. Four gill slits lined with gill rakers are hidden underneath the external gills. These alien monster have four pigmentation genes; when mutated they create different color variants. <br />8. Enypniastes<br />Species in this genus have developed webbed swimming fin like structures at the front and back of their bodies which enable them to swim up off the surface of the sea floor and to journey as much as 1,000 m up into the water column. This is thought to help the alien animals move to new feeding grounds and avoid predators. The enypniastes move using a few methods. The first is that they move their anterior veil in a rowing motion. <br />Which one do you think look the most similar aliens? Have you seen any other creature like this? Let us know in the comment section.{% endraw %}
