---
title: "What I Eat in a Day (for Weight Loss) on the Eat to Live Nutritarian diet (SOS-Free) + Recipe PDF!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/X_A5ooMd83M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "X_A5ooMd83M"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cheri alberts","the watering mouth","healthy"]
date: "2021-12-16T20:30:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-16T12:00:15Z"
duration: "PT6M25S"
viewcount: "304"
likeCount: "45"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Watering Mouth: Eat to Live For Good"
---
{% raw %}Heyyyyyy there! Wanna know a typical set of meals that I would eat in order to lose weight while following the Eat to Live Nutritarian diet? HERE THEY ARE! Get the free PDF of the recipes by signing up for the cheatsheets:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.thewateringmouth.com/cheatsheets">http://www.thewateringmouth.com/cheatsheets</a><br /><br />But here's the recipes anyway!<br /><br />GORGEOUS GREEN SMOOTHIE<br />Makes 1 large smoothie<br />INGREDIENTS<br />6 ounces baby spinach (6 packed cups)<br />2 cups frozen cauliflower rice<br />1-10” cucumber, peeled<br />10 large Basil leaves<br />1 kiwi, peeled<br />1 frozen banana<br />1 cup frozen pineapple chunks<br />1 Tablespoon ground flaxseed<br />1” - 2” knob of fresh ginger OR 1 teaspoon ground ginger<br />2 cups cold water<br /><br />DIRECTIONS<br />In high-speed blender, combine all ingredients and blend until creamy. <br /><br />COACH NANCY’S FAVORITE SALAD (currently!)<br />Makes 1 serving<br />INGREDIENTS<br />5 cups Spring Mix lettuce<br />2 cups Sweet Kale Mix (or sub with some shredded cabbage and pieces of kale)<br />⅓ cup onions, small diced<br />1 Tablespoon raw pumpkin seeds<br />1 Tablespoon dried cranberries OR raisins<br />½ baked Japanese Sweet Potato, cut into 1” cubes<br />½ cup oil free Hummus<br />2-3 Tablespoons flavored balsamic vinegar (4% acidity California Balsamics Curry featured)<br /><br />DIRECTIONS<br />Chop spring mix and sweet kale mix as finely as you prefer. Add onions and toss. In a 2 quart serving bowl, place this mixture and top with pumpkin seeds, cranberries, sweet potato cubes and dollops of hummus. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar to taste.<br />Enjoy followed by 1 cup of berries.<br /><br />Basic Nutritarian Hummus Recipe<br />Feel free to use this recipe instead of store-bought hummus, if you prefer. If you’re just starting out, might I suggest just going the oil-free storebought route this time, and making your own next time if you like. Less overwhelm and less cooking. And if you can’t find a storebought that is oil-free/low-sodium, just use less. Freeze leftovers.<br />Makes 3-4 cups (6-8 servings)<br />INGREDIENTS<br />3 cups cooked garbanzo beans (2 15-ounce cans) OR use ½ garbanzo beans and ½ Great Northern Beans or other creamy white bean<br />½ cup no- or low-sodium vegetable broth (more or less depending on consistency preference) OR aquafaba<br />⅓ cup no-salt raw tahini <br />Juice from 2 medium lemons (¼ cup)<br />3 small cloves garlic, minced<br />½ teaspoon ground cumin<br />2 tablespoons unfortified nutritional yeast<br />DIRECTIONS<br />To a blender or food processor, add all ingredients and blend until creamy, scraping down the sides when needed and adding an additional liquid 1 tablespoon at a time as needed to get the mixture moving. Season to taste.<br /><br /><br />LETTUCE WRAPS<br />Makes 3 servings<br />INGREDIENTS<br />1 medium onion, sliced thinly OR chopped<br />1 cup broccoli florets, cut small<br />2 medium carrots, peeled, small-diced<br />2 sweet bell peppers, small-diced<br />2 cups chopped bok choy<br />8 ounces mushrooms ( your choice)<br />2 handfuls of baby spinach (2 ounces)<br />Large Romaine lettuce leaves to fill with the cooked veggies<br /><br />DIRECTIONS<br />In a large skillet heated to medium-high, add the onions and let them cook a bit to soften. Add the remaining ingredients, except the spinach which only needs to be wilted at the end of the cooking.<br /><br />Note: in the video, we didn’t soak the almonds, however, we recommend soaking for at least an hour and then draining off the soak liquid before using- even with a Vitamix, you will find the soaked almonds will end up giving you a creamier end product!<br /><br />ALMOND SAUCE (Based on a Dr Fuhrman recipe)<br />Makes 6-8 servings (use as a salad dressing by thinning with water or veggie broth)<br />INGREDIENTS<br />1 cup raw almonds, soaked for at least 1 hour in 2 cups water: discard soak water<br />¼ cup unsweetened plant milk<br />1 cup water<br />3 Tablespoons unhulled sesame seeds<br />2 pitted medjool dates<br />3 medium cloves garlic, minced<br />½” (or more to taste) fresh garlic root<br />Pinch of hot pepper flakes (or more as desired)<br /><br />DIRECTIONS<br />In the large container of a high-powered blender, combine all ingredients and whirl until smooth. Taste and add any flavorings you would like.{% endraw %}
