---
title: "10 People Who Looks Like Cartoon Characters"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/s3J-KJ_a-Rw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "s3J-KJ_a-Rw"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["top","50m","education"]
date: "2021-12-07T23:39:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-07T20:08:03Z"
duration: "PT10M2S"
viewcount: "3807403"
likeCount: "237906"
dislikeCount: "6464"
channel: "50M Videos"
---
{% raw %}10 People Who Looks Like Cartoon Characters<br /><br />50M Videos is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #50MVideos<br /><br /><br />Do you remember watching those morning cartoons and wishing with all your heart to be in<br />them instead of the school bus you were about to hop into? We sure did. unfortunately, that<br />really never happened to most of us. But there are some people who can actually say that they<br />were in those cartoons, well sort of. Some people in the world look so much like cartoon<br />characters that it gets hard to distinguish what’s real and what&amp;#39;s not. Either these cartoon<br />doppelgangers are mimicking their favorite cartoons, or the cartoons are beginning to mimic<br />them. either way, it is kind of creepy, yet fascinating. Let’s look at a list of 10 people who look<br />like cartoon characters.<br />Number 10.) Peter Griffin Lookalike<br />We know it is really hard to look like peter griffin. After all, not everyone can rock chubby body<br />like him in real life. But this kid seems to have cracked down the code. Even he knows that he<br />looks like Peter and he seems to be really proud of it. What do you think can the character be<br />based on this real-life lookalike? Even though the young boy can definitely play the younger<br />version of peter griffin, we know that the character was based on a man named Paul Timmins.<br />Peter is basically the sitcom dad who doesn’t know what to do with his life except for getting<br />himself in trouble. Paul Timmins is a native of Rhode Island just like the show itself and its<br />creator. Well we know if there is ever a need of a younger version of peter griffin, it&amp;#39;s safe to say<br />that this kid can definitely play and look the part.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEg7S_Ifbwk">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEg7S_Ifbwk</a><br /><br />Number 9.) Moana lookalike<br />One of the biggest surprises when it comes to cartoons lookalike is without a doubt Auli’ I<br />Caravalho. Her voice is just as magical as her looks, she could easily be a life princess. Doesn’t<br />she look exactly like Moana as the resemblance is striking but that’s not even the most<br />interesting part? Auli’I was actually the last girl that auditioned for the moana character. She<br />thought there was no way that she’d even be considered for the role. She gave Moana a voice<br />and she is actually the youngest person to ever give a Disney princess a voice and the first one to<br />play the Polynesian princess. Its amazing how much resemblance she has with the actual<br />princess including her hair. Moana’s hair without a doubt is her best part. The details are striking<br />as new software was designed to make her hair look as real as possible. That again gives<br />resemblance to Auli’I as her hair is as fabulous as moana’s. we are sure that both of them are<br />secretly twins as there is no other explanation for the resemblance. There is no person out there<br />who can play Moana as good as Auli’I.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nathVe6cdCE">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nathVe6cdCE</a> 4:35 – 5:00<br />Number. 8). Andy lookalike<br />Everyone has seen the toy story series and who can forget andy. He was the owner of all your<br />favorite toy story characters. Andy is just another kid in the neighborhood who really loves his<br />toys, especially woody. Well until a new toy buzz lightyear comes around and causes trouble for<br />woody as woody gets jealous of buzz because of his owner’s attachment with the new character.<br />The two toys get lost when the family has to move. Do you want to hear something that will<br />make you feel old? The toy story is more than 20 years old. The debate for the best toy story<br />character is still one. Even the real-life lookalike of andy doesn’t know which toy to choose from<br /><br />as he holds buzz and woody in both hands confused which one to play with. His hair and facial<br />features are very similar to andy from the animated movie. just a fun fact, in the party scene of<br />the movie, most of the kids in the house have andy’s face. Not only in real life, but he also has<br />characters in the movie who like him.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustq_1xXLbM">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustq_1xXLbM</a> 6:55 – 7:55<br />Number 7.) Martin Scorsese and carl from UP<br />even though we have already mentioned one character from UP, its hard not to show you the<br />resemblance between the legendary director Martin Scorsese and the old man carl who sets out<br />on an adventure and takes his beloved house with him. Martin Scorsese shares carl’s white hair,<br />thick eyebrows, nose, and distinctive black-framed glasses. Carl’s character looks more grumpy<br />than Scorsese, as it seems during the first half of the movie, but we know that the director prefers<br />adventures much darker and thrilling than the one carl went on. His films mostly involve crime<br />and violence rather than balloons, birds, and talking dogs. But we know both of them to love<br />adventures and martin having a dead ringer for the character, he might as well be the real-life<br />carl. What do you guys think?{% endraw %}
