---
title: "*MUST WATCH* IF YOU ARE ABLE TO DO THIS YOU WILL NEVER STRUGGLE IN LIFE | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN 2020"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JtALCAMenno\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JtALCAMenno"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["apostle joshua selman messages","apostle joshua selman nimmak messages","koinonia 2018"]
date: "2021-09-30T02:55:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-20T11:00:11Z"
duration: "PT1H1M56S"
viewcount: "57371"
likeCount: "1037"
dislikeCount: "61"
channel: "OVERCOMING DAILY"
---
{% raw %}Join our Telegram Channel here to get prayer updates, prayer points, prophetic christian quotes and new video notifications: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://t.me/joinchat/SEpV4w0GcKkqW4TLfYZLaw">https://t.me/joinchat/SEpV4w0GcKkqW4TLfYZLaw</a><br />Please watch: &quot;* A MUST WATCH * WHY YOU URGENTLY NEED TO DEVELOP YOUR SPIRITUAL SENSES|APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN 2020&quot; <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikqnAUG9ouE">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikqnAUG9ouE</a><br /><br /><br /> --~--<br />WHEN THE ENEMY ATTACKS LIKE A FLOOD THIS PRAYER  WILL SET YOU FREE | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN<br /><br />*A MUST WATCH* 3 MAJOR WAYS TO DISCERN THE WILL  OF GOD FOR YOUR  LIFE | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN 2020<br /><br />THIS IS WHAT YOU DO WHEN YOUR LIFE IS AT A CROSSROAD | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN NIMMAK:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/Xg7-K-CwssY">https://youtu.be/Xg7-K-CwssY</a><br /><br />THESE 5 BIBLE VERSES WILL CHANGE YOUR  DESTINY FOREVER IN 2020 | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN NIMMAK <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/9MtVcvNEm20">https://youtu.be/9MtVcvNEm20</a><br />--~--<br />*A MUST WATCH* HOW TO SEE WITH YOUR SPIRITUAL EYES | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN NIMMAK 2019:<br /><br />Download all Koinonia sermons from their official download website : www.koinoniadownloads.org<br /> <br />THESE 5 BIBLE VERSES WILL CHANGE YOUR  DESTINY FOREVER IN 2020 | APOSTLE JOSHUA SELMAN NIMMAK: This is yet another explosive message exposition by Apostle Joshua Selman.please watch and share to friends and family to be a blessing to everyone, God bless you as you do.<br /><br />Apostle Joshua Selman, the Lord's servant is a compendium of revelation and we are tasked by the grace of God and the unction of the holy Spirit to highlight critical revelatory points to afford you the opportunity to meditate and profit from the different dimensions of the word preached. God bless you as you receive the word in Jesus name.<br /><br /><br />ANNOUNCEMENT: <br />Kindly forward all questions and enquiries About Apostle Joshua Selman and Koinonia Eternity Network International to the ministry's official lines <br />Public Relations Department: +2348147214444, <br />09077777853<br />Facebook (Eternity Network International) <br />Instagram : @koinoniaglobal <br />Twitter: @koinoniaeni <br />Youtube: @koinoniaglobal <br /><br /><br /><br />⚑SUBSCRIBE TO THIS CHANNEL⚑ To be impacted powerfully through our anointed video messages so as to aid you overcome daily as you walk with God , please subscribe and don't forget to hit the notification bell to always be reminded whenever we upload. Thanks and God bless you.<br /><br />Note: We own copyright to the footages and background music used in this video.<br /><br />Royalty-Free License Agreement <br /> <br />A. Your Rights. We, Footage Firm, Inc., the owner of storyblocks.com, videoblocks.com, graphicstock.com, and audioblocks.com, grant you a perpetual, worldwide right to incorporate the Stock Files you obtain from us into any work you create.<br /><br />This is a Standard License. Our Standard License is written for and indemnifies you, the individual person who signed up for the account on one of our websites, not the entity or company you work for. If you need an Enterprise License written for and indemnifies you and your entity or company, please contact our Enterprise team at enterprise@storyblocks.com. <br /><br />►Fair Use Disclaimer:<br /><br />Our purpose, when making motivational videos, is to make quality educational motivational videos and share these with our viewers.<br /><br />1)This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them)<br />2)This video is also used for teaching purposes.<br />3)It is transformative in nature.<br />4)I ONLY used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />If you have any concerns regarding material used in this video, please contact us via email at: comedytv@gmail.com&quot; and we can come to a resolution<br />#OVERCOMINGDAILY{% endraw %}
