---
title: "Dragon Quest Builders 2 - How to build Scenic Shower Room [Shower, Towel Rails, Light, Window]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2IJkIHFkw74\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2IJkIHFkw74"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["videogame","playstation","ps4"]
date: "2021-11-08T20:15:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-29T10:44:09Z"
duration: "PT4M55S"
viewcount: "6645"
likeCount: "30"
dislikeCount: "18"
channel: "Trophy Germany"
---
{% raw %}Dragon Quest Builders 2 - How to build Scenic Shower Room [Shower, Towel Rails, Light, Window]<br /><br />#dragonquestbuilders2 #PS4 #walkthrough #gameplay #trophyguide #trophygermany<br /><br />Trophies &amp; Achievement:<br /><br />Beacon of Builderdom<br />Awarded for earning all other trophies.    <br /><br />Shipwreck Survivor<br />Awarded for surviving the slave ship.   <br /><br />Apprentice Adventurer<br />Awarded for setting sail from the Isle of Awakening.    <br /><br />Friend of Furrowfield<br />Awarded for completing the Furrowfield chapter.    <br /><br />Guru of the Gardens<br />Awarded for completing the Tablet Targets in the Green Gardens.    <br /><br />Conqueror of Khrumbul-Dun<br />Awarded for completing the Khrumbul-Dun chapter.    <br /><br />Escapologist Extraordinaire<br />Awarded for escaping from Skelkatraz.    <br /><br />Sandy Grandee<br />Awarded for completing the Tablet Targets in the Scarlet Sands.    <br /><br />Marshal of Moonbrooke<br />Awarded for completing the Moonbrooke chapter.    <br /><br />A Steppe Ahead<br />Awarded for completing the Tablet Targets in the Cerulean Steppe.    <br /><br />Messiah of Malhalla<br />Awarded for completing the Malhalla chapter.   <br /><br />Living Legend<br />Awarded for saving the world of illusion from destruction.    <br /><br />Beginner Brickie<br />Awarded for building your first room.    <br /><br />Developing Decorator<br />Awarded for completing your first room recipe.    <br /><br />Fledgling Fashionista<br />Awarded for changing your appearance at a dressing table for the first time.   <br /><br />Unwary Wearer<br />Awarded for equipping a cursed weapon or piece of armour.    <br /><br />Air Raider<br />Awarded for defeating an enemy with a spin attack from the windbraker.   <br /><br />Daredevil Diver<br />Awarded for staying in the sea for two minutes.    <br /><br />Tablet Trailblazer<br />Awarded for completing 30 Tablet Targets.   <br /><br />Building Boffin<br />Awarded for discovering 65% of the recipes listed in the Builderpedia.    <br /><br />Highest Order Hoarder<br />Awarded for discovering 50% of the items listed in the Builderpedia.    <br /><br />Monster Masher<br />Awarded for discovering 60% of the monsters listed in the Builderpedia.   <br /><br />Dedicated Decorator<br />Awarded for discovering 35% of the room recipes listed in the Builderpedia.   <br /><br />Wizard of Warping<br />Awarded for activating 12 naviglobes.    <br /><br />Snappy Snapper<br />Awarded for taking 10 pictures in Snapshot Mode.    <br /><br />Explorer Extraordinaire<br />Awarded for unlocking all of the Explorer's Shores.    <br /><br />Beloved Builder<br />Awarded for earning a total of 3000 gratitude points on the Isle of Awakening.  <br /><br />Mercurial Magnate<br />Awarded for defeating five metallic monsters.   <br /><br />Hardcore Hunter<br />Awarded for defeating 20 super-strong monsters.   <br /><br />Proficient Puzzler<br />Awarded for solving 15 puzzles.   <br /><br />Rare Breeder<br />Awarded for obtaining a pet with the rarest colouration.{% endraw %}
