---
title: "Beautiful Vocal Trance Mix | Progressive Female Vocal Trance #66"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/itsrLvx4ZM4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "itsrLvx4ZM4"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["vocal trance","TRANCE 2020","Trance 2021"]
date: "2021-11-22T08:41:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T12:00:17Z"
duration: "PT1H26M56S"
viewcount: "3348"
likeCount: "108"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Run EDM"
---
{% raw %}Beautiful Vocal Trance Mix | Progressive Female Vocal Trance #66<br />Follow: Run EDM<br />Youtube: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bom.to/kezIPaMvdzO8y">https://bom.to/kezIPaMvdzO8y</a><br />#FemaleVocalTrance #ProgressiveTrance #TranceMix2021 #VocalTrance2021<br /><br />Track list:<br />00:00 | 1. Zetandel &amp; Tiff Lacey - Higher Ground (Costa &amp; Aurosonic Remix)<br />03:41 | 2. Aurosonic &amp; Fenna Day - You'll Be Fine<br />07:45 | 3. Costa &amp; Tricia McTeague - Call I'll Be There<br />11:13 | 4. Tom Boldt &amp; Ellie Lawson - As The Leaves Turn To Brown (Taken from 'Becoming')<br />14:30 | 5. Michael Fearon - Show Me Love<br />18:01 | 6. Dmitry Strochenko &amp; Maxine - Daylight Snow<br />21:26 | 7. Ana Criado &amp; Aurosonic - The Force of The Blow<br />25:46 | 8. Seawayz &amp; Sharon Valerona - By My Side<br />29:14 | 9. Alex Leavon &amp; Amélie Mae - Embrace The Dawn<br />32:00 | 10. Zetandel &amp; Tiff Lacey - Deepest Blue (Denis Airwave Remix)<br />35:35 | 11. 4 Strings &amp; Susanne Teutenberg - Ocean Wave (Taken from 'A Brand New Day')<br />38:38 | 12. Patrik Humann &amp; Isabel Oliver - Between The Truth &amp; The Lie (Beatsole Remix)<br />41:40 | 13. MR90 - Falling Just For You<br />45:16 | 14. Aurosonic, Costa &amp; Cathy Burton feat. Julia Violin - Can I Count On You<br />49:18 | 15. Charles Tsai &amp; Sarah Lynn - So Good (Vadim Spark Remix)<br />53:11 | 16. Kimberly Hale &amp; Alex Leavon - There's A Storm<br />56:40 | 17. Karanda &amp; Sarah Russell - Still Got Time (Jordy Eley Remix)<br />59:53 | 18. BiXX &amp; Roxanne Emery - Sound of The Alarm<br />1:03:38 | 19. Raz Nitzan &amp; Maria Nayler - Echo of My Soul (Denis Kenzo Remix)<br />1:07:12 | 20. Frainbreeze feat. CC - Lost &amp; Found<br />1:09:55 | 21. Elypsis &amp; Fenna Day - Who You Are<br />1:13:40 | 22. Farhad Mahdavi &amp; Jo Cartwright - Shadow In The Dark<br />1:17:40 | 23. Tom Boldt &amp; Kyler England - Higher (With You)<br />1:20:24 | 24. Raz Nitzan &amp; Denise Rivera - The Last To Know<br />1:23:08 | 25. Costa &amp; Maxine - Too Far Gone<br /><br />Don't forget to Like &amp; Share the mix if you enjoy it!<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />🔔 SUBSCRIBE TO THE CHANNEL TO RECEIVE MORE VIDEOS, THANKS TO ALL SUBSCRIBERS AND LISTENERS<br />Welcome to Run EDM! In this channel you will find a wide variety of different songs. I try to find the best music, the best quality and the most pleasant for you. Enjoy and do not forget to share with your friends and family :) I will upload the best songs without an author so you can use them in your own videos. Be sure to take a look at my copyright free song list link below.<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />♦ All rights belong to their respective owners. If any track / background owners used in this mix are not satisfied, please let us know, please take your time to contact us by email<br />✉ ♦Support@ant-media.net♦ ✉<br />We will provide you with the corresponding credits or remove the video if you need it.<br />◢Share this combination on social sites (Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc.) so that more people can hear it!<br />Thanks for watching !!!{% endraw %}
