---
title: "Trump Likely To Lose His NYC Golf Course Because Of Capitol Riot"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TyNkOoXSdqM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TyNkOoXSdqM"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2021-11-16T00:39:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-15T16:00:13Z"
duration: "PT4M34S"
viewcount: "59750"
likeCount: "5968"
dislikeCount: "30"
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Donald Trump is likely going to lose his license to operate a golf course in the Bronx. The PGA has already pulled their future involvement from the course over Trump's role in the Capitol Riot, and the city of New York has pulled his operating licence from several city attractions already. They are currently awaiting a court decision to find out if they can strip him of one of his beloved golf courses, and that will hurt Trump more than anything else. Farron Cousins discusses the situation.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.cnn.com/2021/11/11/politics/trumps-legal-woes/index.html">https://www.cnn.com/2021/11/11/politics/trumps-legal-woes/index.html</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Donald Trump is currently at risk of losing something that he holds more dear, most likely than any member of his family. And that is one of his precious golf courses, specifically the golf course that he operates on a license from the city in the Bronx, in the city of New York. Here's what's happening recently. A judge basically granted a delay in the city of New York, polling, Donald Trump's license to operate that golf course in the Bronx. Now he cannot actually own the golf course. Now, what I mean by that is he can't own the land. The city effectively leases it to him on the grounds that it turns a profit that of course benefits the area. It being a golf course. Donald Trump is able to say, listen, it brings in people. They spend money here. It brings in tournament's golf. Tournament's so lots of people come in and that brings money for the surrounding community. <br /><br />So lease the land to me and the Trump organization. And we're going to make you a lot of money. And since 2012, that's been the agreement with the city of New York. But earlier this year after the capital riots and after Donald Trump's, you know, quote unquote involvement in the Capitol riots, which of course, we're still getting to the bottom of the investigation. So we can't make any claims one way or the other. So that's why it's all alleged suites all in quotes. We can't say he did or did not do anything. So here's the thing earlier this year, New York mayor, bill de Blasio said, listen, given what happened, we're pulling Trump's agreements, not just for the golf course. The golf course was part of it, but we're pulling, uh, his involvement, his agreement to run a carousel in central park. And we're also pulling his lease to operate two of the ice skating rinks in central park. <br /><br />Like those are no longer affiliated with Donald Trump. You're gone. We, the city have the authority to do that under our agreement with you. And so we're pulling it. You don't get these properties anymore. Now the one of course that stung the most was obviously the golf course. So they're trying to hang onto it, but it just ain't going to happen because they can no longer, according to the city, make the argument that the golf course is going to bring in a lot of future revenue. And that is because the PGA announced that they were pulling a tournament from this golf course because of its association with Donald Trump, because they didn't want to reward him after what happened with the capital riots. So the one argument they had about having this golf course, they're letting the Trump organization run. It was that it was going to bring in money, was going to bring in lots of people, lots of economic activity. <br /><br />And now that argument is out the window because the PGA, you know, the big golf association is I, we're not going to ever do business with you on this golf course if Trump is involved. So now the city gets to go to the court and argue, we're now losing money because of Trump's association with this. If we kick him off, there's a chance. Maybe we get the PGA tournament back, probably not for 2022, which is when it was scheduled, but we may get it back for a future year, maybe 20, 23, maybe 20, 24. But if his name is still attached to it, if the proceeds from it, go back into his pocket, that's not going to happen. So Trump is likely to lose this one. Even if the judge of course did go ahead and grant a temporary delay. That's really, probably all he's going to get. The city has the evidence on their side. They have the facts on their side. They have the authority on their side, and they're about to take something so precious away from Donald Trump, a golf course, which as I mentioned at the beginning of this is something he loves probably more than he loves any member of his own family. And now it's going to be gone and there's very little he can do about.{% endraw %}
