---
title: "World of Tanks Type 5 Heavy - 6 Kills 11,1K Damage"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/yaa165UJ8LU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "yaa165UJ8LU"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["type","mighty jingles","0.9.12"]
date: "2021-10-09T08:18:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-06T12:00:24Z"
duration: "PT12M29S"
viewcount: "20272"
likeCount: "649"
dislikeCount: "20"
channel: "Lacho WoT Replays"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe for more replays!<br /><br /><br /><br />Submit your replays at: lachowotreplays@gmail.com - check 'About' for more details.<br /><br /><br /><br />Follow me on Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Lacho29">https://www.facebook.com/Lacho29</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Join the Union: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.unionforgamers.com/apply?referral=hg0jsh0ksmp34d">http://www.unionforgamers.com/apply?referral=hg0jsh0ksmp34d</a><br /><br />World of Tanks Type 5 Heavy - 6 Kills 11,1K Damage<br /><br />Medals received: Steel Wall, High Caliber, Top Gun<br /><br />The Type 5 Heavy is a Japanese tier 10 heavy tank.<br /><br />The Type 5, also known as the Type 2605, was one of the variants of the O-I superheavy tank, developed during WWII. The vehicle was planned to be used for breaking through fortified enemy lines and for coastal defense.<br /><br />Sometimes known as &quot;Godzilla&quot; or just Type 5, the Type 5 Heavy holds the title as one of the most frequently changed Tier X vehicles in the game. Initially very underwhelming, the Type 5 Heavy has since received multiple buffs to its performance in various later patches. While the first round of buffs did not significantly improve its performance, the second round, received in patch 9.17.1, brought forth major changes to the way this tank played. With its much stronger armor and a massive new 15.2 cm howitzer gun with lethal HE shells, each dealing 1400 damage per shot if penetrating the target's armor or 500-600 damage if not, the Type 5 Heavy would consistently inflict serious damage against even the most heavily armored tanks in the game. Because of this, the tank quickly became a far more formidable and popular vehicle, having enough firepower to impact the whole of the meta game and gaining the reputation as one of the most loathed Tier X vehicles from players that were forced to square off against it.<br /><br />After a while, the Type 5 Heavy's over-performing 15.2 cm was eventually and, according to most, rightfully nerfed, making its performance much less effective. To balance this nerf, however, the 14 cm gun received an additional buff to its own performance, making it a more viable alternative. In addition, the tanks mobility was also improved. These changes had, once again, significantly altered the way the Type 5 Heavy plays, making it more in line with the old Type 5 Heavy, but performing better than its old self due to the aforementioned improvements. This finally made the tank feel somewhat balanced as opposed to its past tendencies of being either extremely under- or over-performing, which definitively characterized the Type 5 Heavy in the past.<br /><br />As the final development of its respective Japanese Heavy Tank line, the Type 5 Heavy shares similar features to the tanks that came before it. With its thick armor, huge size, poor mobility, high alpha damage and good gun depression it also comes with a few notable features, which were lacked by the tanks predecessors. Specifically, the Type 5 Heavy has much stronger hull cheeks, terminating one of the most well-known weak points of the previous Type 4 Heavy. This, combined with its very thick side armor, makes this tank surprisingly efficient at sidescraping, something the previous Japanese heavies couldn't do. In addition, the Type 5 Heavy has excellent reverse speed of -15 km/h, which is 50% better than the poor -10 km/h that the previous vehicles in the line had. Finally, the Type 5 Heavy has surprisingly good gun handling, something that also was lacking on the previous vehicles.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Outro song: OST World of Tanks – Intro Login 2018<br /><br /><br /><br />Mod: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wgmods.net/21/details">https://wgmods.net/21/details</a>{% endraw %}
