---
title: "15 Disney Ghost Sightings"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vW547xuSxh4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vW547xuSxh4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["top","factfile","education"]
date: "2021-10-23T00:51:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-22T18:14:35Z"
duration: "PT9M47S"
viewcount: "2300"
likeCount: "452"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "FactFile"
---
{% raw %}15 Disney Ghost Sightings<br /><br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Fact File is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br /><br /><br />#viral #amazing #FactFile #animals<br /><br /><br />Whether or not you believe in the existence of ghosts is your business. People who believe in these supernatural beings have reportedly sighted them everywhere, including the most unexpected locations like Disneyland.<br /><br />For over sixty-five years, Disneyland opened its park to educate and entertain millions of adults and children. Some of the most significant attractions are the haunted house, Jungle cruise, the Castle, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Space-station X-1.<br /><br />This video outlines some of the spookiest ghost sightings on Disneyland. The next time you're prepared to have fun in this amusement park, bear in mind that anything can happen, including a strange being spying on you. So, let’s begin the countdown.<br /><br />15. Mr. One way<br /><br />Mr. One way's story is one of the most circulated ghost sightings in Disney parks today. Several visitors have their versions of the same story, but they agree it occurred in Space mountain at Disneyland, California. Some say Mr. One way is a red-haired adult with a red face.<br /><br />Others say he is a child dressed in a 70s attire. You'll likely find him hanging out in the queue for Space Mountain. While he is in the line, we don't know for sure if he talks to others. However, some accounts say he talks to people. In a footage released recently, Mr. One-Way doesn't wait in the queue; instead, he stands at the exit side of the car park or sits down on an empty seat he finds. Before anyone gets to the tunnel at the end of the ride, he disappears.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656">https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656</a><br /><br /><br />14. The Monorail Ghost<br /><br />The monorail ghost story is a cautionary tale. It originates from a true-life incident that happened sometime in 1999. 19-year-old Thomas Guy Cleveland attempted to sneak into Disneyland through the fence along the rail track. A security guard saw him and cautioned him to change his mind; else, he got into trouble. Thomas would have listened if only he knew what the future holds for him. Regrettably, he was killed by a monorail train and was dragged 30-40 feet before it came to a stop.<br /><br />People say they've spotted what looks like this young man along the monorail track. He appears only at night but disappears before another train smashes his ghost.  Eyewitnesses say his appearance is a creepy sight to behold.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656">https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656</a><br /><br />13. The boy in the haunted house – California edition<br /><br />In California, legend has it that a woman sprayed her late son's ashes in the haunted mansion without approval from the park. After this incident, the boy has been reportedly crying and disturbing the peace of the park. He was even spotted at Pirates of the Caribbean, which is just next door to Disneyland's haunted mansion.<br /><br />Officials at Disney say ash scattering doesn't happen. Although people ask for a permit, the requests are often rejected. This may have prompted this young lad's mother to pour her ashes without due permission. Also, note that most of these spooky ghostly stories we hear have roots in urban legends spread across numerous rides and parks.<br /><br />12. Dolly's Ghost<br /><br />This story may be drawn from another urban legend, but it occurred in modern history. In 1984, Regena Young, also known as Dolly, fell from her seat while riding the Matterhorn at Disneyland. Her seatbelt was unbuckled, but we don't know if she did it herself or another force influenced it. An oncoming bobsled immediately hit her. She died on the spot without an opportunity to say goodbye to family and friends.<br /><br />Some cast members claim they feel that someone is watching them on routine walks around the ride. This surveillance occurs mostly at the spot Dolly died. The exact location is known as Dolly's Dip.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656">https://www.bustle.com/p/9-ghosts-that-reportedly-haunt-disney-parks-from-urban-legends-to-actual-events-in-the-parks-history-2938656</a><br /><br />11. Walt Disney<br /><br />There's a popular apartment above the Firehouse on Main street at Disneyland. When the building was constructed around 1955, Walt Disney wanted a place to stay until it was completed. He got a 500 square feet room from where he watched his much-anticipated dream come to life. The apartment is open to tourists and people who want to have a feel of Walt Disney's life.<br /><br />As a tribute, the light is left on, but it has not always been so. One day, a cast member turned it off, but minutes later, the flames came back. She even unplugged it, but before she returned, she found the lights on.{% endraw %}
