---
title: "PASTOR CHRIS TEACHING |YOU HAVE THE ABILITY OF GOD IN YOU| BIBLE STUDY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/k88y7uEj91A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "k88y7uEj91A"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["pastor chris","pastor chris oyakhilome","pastor chris teaching"]
date: "2021-12-04T04:16:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-22T20:16:41Z"
duration: "PT15M57S"
viewcount: "342"
likeCount: "11"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Bible Project"
---
{% raw %}In this session, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome of Christ Embassy shares Gods word with us to receive insights that will build the the spirit man through christian guided meditations on the bible and godly confessions <br /><br />The kingdom of God is now here. Righteousness, peace, joy in the holy ghost.<br /><br />PASTOR CHRIS TEACHING |YOU HAVE THE ABILITY OF GOD IN YOU| BIBLE STUDY<br /><br />TO GET NOTIFIED WITH OUR DAILY TEACHINGS, PLEASE:<br />LIKE<br />SHARE<br />SUBSCRIBE. <br /><br />GOD BLESS YOU :)<br /><br />CLICK HERE TO WATCH MORE OF OUR GOSPEL VIDEOS:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rb.gy/vdciqc">https://rb.gy/vdciqc</a><br /><br />Enjoy the bible based, spirit filled, faith building life transforming word for freedom, peace and prosperity.<br />The word of God is life. It brings deliverance from every darkness, healing to sickness, and saves from poverty.<br /><br />Experience the love of God and enjoy that miracle you need today<br /><br />Be blessed by this glorious and timeless word by the man of God. You can get more messages by visiting the Pastor Chris Digital Library. App available on the Google Play Store and Apple App Store, or visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pcdl.co/">https://pcdl.co/</a> for more.<br /><br />Visit Pastor Chris Live, Rhapsody of Reality for Daily Devotional, Your LoveWorld TV channels to learn more from the man of God.<br /><br />FOR MORE INFORMATION, E-MAIL: info@zionike.com<br /><br />#godlyconfessions #loveworld #teaching #pastorchris<br /><br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /> <br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br />* Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br />1)This video has no negative impact on the original works<br />2)This video is also for teaching and inspirational purposes.<br />3)It is not transformative in nature.<br /> All video footage used including thumbnails is licensed under Creative Commons CC and Royalty-Free License Agreement. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/">https://creativecommons.org/</a> However, if any content owners would like their images removed, <br /><br />Please contact us by email at info@zionike.com<br /><br /> This channel is for educational purposes only.<br />All posted content is to add value and awareness to the viewers.<br />This video or audio has no negative impact on the original content{% endraw %}
