---
title: "📞 THIS MESSAGE HAS BEEN TRYING TO REACH YOU: YOUR ANGEL OF ABUNDANCE WILL GIVE YOU A MONEY BLESSING!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IGE4itD_K2I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IGE4itD_K2I"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Urgent message from god","gods message for you","gods message today"]
date: "2021-11-25T05:06:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-23T13:30:03Z"
duration: "PT2M3S"
viewcount: "15108"
likeCount: "1801"
dislikeCount: "14"
channel: "Love Magic Works"
---
{% raw %}11:11 CONGRATULATIONS! BEFORE THE END OF THIS YEAR GOD WILL SURPRISE YOU. DO NOT IGNORE IT!<br /><br />💛 Please if you liked the video give it a thumbs up and share it so many more people will be reached by this blessing. Thanks and God Bless You Greatly. - Darius<br /><br />Why is 3,6,9 so important? Darius sent you a message... Click here to read it: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/Easy369Method">https://bit.ly/Easy369Method</a><br /><br />You will receive a check in the mail with a financial blessing. Abundance is coming to you, listen to your Angelic Message because God will give you money if you say this.<br /><br />***<br /><br />His master replied, 'Well done, good and faithful servant! In the little you have been faithful; I will put you in charge of much more. Come share the happiness of your lord! ”. Matthew 25:21 (NIV)<br />Money is the litmus test of your loyalty. God uses it more than anything else in your life to test your faith. Why? Because it is the thing we have the most difficulty with.<br /><br />Look at the rewards God gives for wise money management: “Well done, good and faithful servant! In the little you have been faithful; I will put you in charge of much more. Come share the happiness of your lord! &quot; Matthew 25:21 (NIV).<br /><br />The law of compensation is this: God will reward you for good money management. There are three steps to this reward based on Matthew 25:21, affirmation, promotion, and celebration.<br /><br />God affirms you by saying, “Good job! He was testing you to see if he could trust what I gave you, and you passed the test. &quot;Well done, good and faithful servant!&quot;<br /><br />The second step is promotion. By showing faithfulness with some things, God will give you greater responsibility.<br /><br />And as you demonstrate your responsibility, God will celebrate with you. You will share in the happiness of God!<br /><br />Jesus said: “No one can serve two masters, for he will despise the one and love the other, or he will be fond of one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and wealth ”. Matthew 6:24 (NIV).<br /><br />Note that He does not say that you should not serve God and money. He says you can't. It is impossible. No one can serve two masters. Then you are going to have to decide which will be number one in your life: God or making money.<br /><br />Money is an excellent servant, but he is a terrible teacher. When it dominates you, you are always under stress. You are always worried. You are always tense about it. When you master your money, when it is your servant, it serves you. When money works for you instead of you working for your money, then you have peace.<br /><br />Prayer for money and abundance, from Archangel Uriel, this powerful prayer for money and abundance was given and revealed for those who are Sad, worried, because they do not find a way out, because they are without strength, the loving Archangel Uriel He is the Archangel Of the Provision and manifestation of Matter, He brings into your life not only the Money you need, he brings peace, Love and wisdom.<br /><br />Prayer for money and abundance, from Archangel Uriel, this powerful prayer for money and abundance was given and revealed for those who are Sad, worried, because they do not find a way out, because they are without strength, the loving Archangel Uriel He is the Archangel Of the Provision and manifestation of Matter, He brings into your life not only the Money you need, he brings peace, Love and wisdom.<br /><br />This prayer for money and abundance is to solve what you still cannot find the way out. He will show you which is the correct solution.<br /><br />Allow him to come into your life, tell him what worries you and he will give you an answer from God.<br /><br />Today I want to share with you this Most Powerful Prayer that the Archangel gave me for you, that I share with much love, since there are many people going through difficulties, suffering and who know that there is a way out.<br /><br />But now, to carry out this Prayer for money and abundance, we will not think about that, we only have to concentrate on the Infinite Power of God, on his love, on his grace and that through the loving Archangel Uriel, he responds to the many requests. that you have done without receiving a reply.{% endraw %}
