---
title: "Anthony Joshua REQUESTED AN IMMEDIATE REMATCH AFTER LOSING TO Alexander Usyk IN A FIGHT \/ Fury"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/OH-qv5GeRNc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "OH-qv5GeRNc"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Alexander Usyk","joshua pulev fight","usyk joshua"]
date: "2021-09-26T20:36:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-26T08:43:56Z"
duration: "PT9M27S"
viewcount: "2361"
likeCount: "51"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Fight Tech"
---
{% raw %}Anthony Joshua REQUESTED AN IMMEDIATE REMATCH AFTER LOSING TO Alexander Usyk IN A FIGHT Fury<br /><br />Ukrainian boxer Alexander Usyk commented on the victory over the Briton Anthony Joshua. The Ukrainian has won the WBA Super, WBO, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles. The fight lasted all 12 rounds, according to the results of which the judges gave the victory to the Ukrainian boxer<br /><br />British boxer Tony Bellew commented on the victory of Ukrainian Alexander Usyk in a fight with Briton Anthony Joshua. The Ukrainian defeated Joshua and won the WBA Super, WBO, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles<br /><br />The former world heavyweight boxing champion, and now a deputy of the State Duma of Russia Nikolai Valuev told how Alexander Usyk was able to achieve victory over the Briton Anthony Joshua and win titles<br /><br />UFC star commentator Joe Rogan shared on social networks his reaction to the result of the heavyweight championship match between Ukrainian Alexander Usyk (19-0-0, 13 KO) and Briton Anthony Joshua (24-2-0, 22 KO), which ended this night in London.<br /><br />The WBA, WBO and IBF world heavyweight champion Alexander Usyk gave a short interview to British journalists after his unexpected victory over Anthony Joshua.<br /><br />Usyk said that he is ready to have a rematch with Anthony Joshua, whom he confidently defeated by unanimous decision a few hours ago. Alexander said that he did not try to knock out Anthony Joshua, because the coach forbade him to invest in punches.<br /><br />Former world heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko commented on the victory of Alexander Usyk over Anthony Joshua, which he saw with his own eyes at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium in London.<br /><br />Ukrainian boxer Alexander Usyk commented on the victory over the Briton Anthony Joshua. The Ukrainian has won the WBA Super, WBO, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles. The fight lasted all 12 rounds, according to the results of which the judges gave the victory to the Ukrainian boxer — 116-112, 117-114, 115-113.<br /><br />&quot;It means a lot to me. Did the fight go according to the scenario that you expected? It went exactly as I expected. There were a couple of moments from Anthony when he was pinching, but these are minor things, &quot; Usyk said after the fight.<br /><br />The WBA, WBO and IBF world heavyweight champion Alexander Usyk gave a short interview to British journalists after his unexpected victory over Anthony Joshua.<br /><br />&quot;I'm feel. I'm very feel. I am the heavyweight champion of the world. I expected it to be tougher. Maybe I was just ready for it. I generally feel just awesome. It doesn't matter what weight I'm at.<br /><br />I don't care what people think at all. I know that many people didn't want this victory, but I don't care at all. God has other plans. I'm not thinking about a rematch. I'm thinking about my wife right now, okay?&quot; - said Usyk in an interview<br /><br />Alexander said that he is ready to have a rematch with Anthony Joshua, whom he confidently defeated by unanimous decision a few hours ago.<br /><br />&quot;Where would I really like to have a rematch? Damn, at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev. Joshua is a fighter. I think he will try to get better. Maybe he will decide on a rematch, maybe not. These are his problems. I think it will be solved.<br /><br />I would like to say thank you to Joshua. Of course, I like to be given chances. But the Almighty gave me a chance, not Anthony. He brought me here.<br /><br />I'm not going to say anything at all. I don't pay attention to the critics. Critics can only criticize. For me, criticism is an additional motivation. I know that I'm dying in the gym, drowning in the pool, running and I want to stop, but I don't stop. And the fact that they criticize me is their problem. They are talkers, &quot; Usyk said at a press conference after the fight.<br /><br />British boxer Tony Bellew commented on the victory of Ukrainian Alexander Usyk in a fight with Briton Anthony Joshua. The Ukrainian defeated Joshua and won the WBA Super, WBO, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles. The fight lasted all 12 rounds, according to the results of which the judges gave the victory to the Ukrainian boxer<br />boxing news tyson fury vs anthony joshua joshua vs fury anthony joshua vs tyson fury alexander usyk anthony joshua and usyk joshua fight{% endraw %}
