---
title: "\"Millions will be martyrs...\" Mary reveals the FUTURE! End of time Is this coming in 2022?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TtLJVe9pqrw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TtLJVe9pqrw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["end times","martyrs","Millions will be martyrs"]
date: "2021-12-19T04:45:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-18T12:00:12Z"
duration: "PT8M1S"
viewcount: "8863"
likeCount: "519"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "End Times"
---
{% raw %}My children, I remind you again: prepare for the arrival of the Warning, because it is close, much closer than you think. My Heart of Mother Help of Christians suffers in seeing that the immense majority of humanity is not prepared; this great event will totally change the understanding that many have about the spiritual life and the existence of the One and True God, One and Triune. Humanity will enter a state of ecstasy that will last between fifteen and twenty minutes of your earthly time, in which you will be shown the state of your soul with respect to both God and your brothers.<br />Every mortal will be judged, only my little ones who lack the use of reason will be the exception; everything will be judged even your idle words. How sad I feel as Mother of humanity to see that many souls will not return and will die eternally due to the gravity of their sins. This is why, little children, I am asking you to be spiritually prepared and in God’s grace, so that you can withstand this test, a test that will open your understanding and knowledge about the existence of eternity and God, and will prepare you so you can face the final battle for your freedom when you return.<br /><br />Support this work - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ/join</a><br /><br />End Times - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ</a><br /><br />Private revelation is an authentic revelation (through word) addressed to the individual, which, however, does not impose on all the direct obligation of faith (and which is not communicated by God to the Magisterium of the Church for guardianship and public announcement). [YC 10]<br /><br />Such mystical revelation to the individual for the guidance of his life and for his salvation is entirely possible; respecting it may be an obvious duty of faith for that individual. To recognize such a revelation as authentic requires compliance with the ecclesiastical revelation (general revelation in Jesus Christ). Also, such an authentic private revelation, taking place in the depths of conscience, may be deformed or misinterpreted by man; exaltation and fanaticism are often the source of delusions which are subjective, sudden manifestations of the subconscious and which are misinterpreted as private revelation.<br />Authentic private revelations can also form the basis of an individual's prophetic mission to the Church, but that does not mean that they can be regarded as an improvement or even a supplement to the final revelation in Jesus Christ - it is absolutely not possible; they can only inspire the Church to act adapted to the ever-changing situation, but always in accordance with the one and unchanging Gospel.<br /><br />K. Rahner, H. Vorgrimler, Small Theological Dictionary.<br /><br />#EndTimes #apocalypse #jesus<br /><br />the message of St. Archangel Michael, Luz de Maria de Bonilla, Michael the Archangel, The Message of Mary, Gisella Cardia, The Message of Mary Trevignano, Pedro Regis,<br /><br />end times, servants of christ, message of the end times, messages of the end times, apocalypse, end times prophecies, trevignano romano, bible, God, Jesus, faith, medjugorie, apparitions of the mother of god, taylor marshall, rosary, holy rosary, EWTN, divine mercy chaplet, end of the world, Church Militant, revelation, prophecy, signs of the end times, end times signs, end times prophecy, Return To Tradition, virgin mary, bible prophecy, faith in god, Mother &amp; Refuge of the End Times<br /><br />#Message #luzdemariadebonilla #TrevignanoRomano #JesusMessage #medjugorie #MaryMessage #NewOrder #PedroRegis #GiselleCardia #MichaelArchangel<br /><br />&quot;Millions will be martyrs...&quot; Mary reveals the FUTURE! End of time Is this coming in 2022?{% endraw %}
