---
title: "Should we, shouldn’t we? | Need your help! | Being Woman With Chhavi"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CsQz2tNNAuc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CsQz2tNNAuc"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Chhavi Mittal Pregnancy","Being Woman With Chhavi","Being Woman"]
date: "2021-11-23T01:04:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-22T14:30:02Z"
duration: "PT8M19S"
viewcount: "5524"
likeCount: "238"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "Being Woman With Chhavi"
---
{% raw %}Mohit and I have had a difference of opinion on a major front and I am wondering what I should do? Agree with him or put my foot down? Tell me in the comments if we should go ahead and buy this piece of land or not. Huge investment not just in terms of money but also time and effort.<br /><br />And don’t forget to Share, Like and SUBSCRIBE!<br />__________________<br />Don’t forget to SUBSCRIBE to @Being Woman With Chhavi to stay tuned with the little pearls of wisdom I bring to you every week! I also share my fitness hacks, diet hacks and parenting tips. You must leave me a comment and tell me what you would like me to talk about in my next video! And do give me a LIKE! Also SHARE this video for it to reach out to the maximum number if people.<br />SUBSCRIBE: @Being Woman With Chhavi <br />Follow me:<br />INSTAGRAM: www.instagram.com/chhavihussein<br />FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/chhavimittalofficial<br />TWITTER: www.twitter.com/chhavihussein<br />Website: www.chhavimittalofficial.com<br />For Inquiries: beingwomanwithchhavi@gmail.com<br />_______________________________________<br />My other channels: @Shitty Ideas Trending @Be Safe <br /><br />WHO AM I THOUGH?<br />I am a television and film actress who ventured out into digital content creation with SHITTY IDEAS TRENDING. This venture is thanks to my elder daughter Areeza, who drove me to start my own business so as to spend the maximum time with her. I also am a mother of two adorable kids, Areeza (2012) and Arham (2019) who keep me on my toes all the time! I continue to challenge myself and to reinvent myself and most of my ideologies and thoughts regarding parenting are based on the Waldorf Education Method devised by Rudolf Steiner. I am a certified Waldorf educationist. I also am an Instagram mommy blogger. I also have a channel called BE SAFE where we create videos on how to be safe online. But most importantly I am somebody who wants to make a difference by sharing my experience and my research on various matters relevant in today’s time like motherhood, pregnancy, fitness, health, postpartum fitness, breastfeeding, parenting and life. I’m inquisitive by nature and do not settle till I find the answers I’m looking for.<br />__________________________________<br />BEING WOMAN WITH CHHAVI is an endeavour to reach out to maximum women/mothers/parents/girls/ and forming a community of learning together. SUBSCRIBE to this space and hit the bell icon to watch a new insight in the form of a vlog or two every week. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: THE VIEWS EXPRESSED ON THIS CHANNEL ARE PURELY BASED ON MY OWN PERSONAL EXPERIENCE. I’M NEITHER A DOCTOR NOR A MEDICAL ADVISOR. PLEASE CHECK WITH YOUR DOCTOR/CARE PROVIDER BEFORE FOLLOWING MY ADVICE. NO TWO PREGNANCIES OR LIFE STRUGGLES ARE THE SAME. RECOGNISING AND UNDERSTANDING YOUR OWN PERSONAL NEEDS IS IMPORTANT.{% endraw %}
