---
title: "Bolognese STUFFED Shells | Cookin' Somethin' w\/ Matty Matheson"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RmsqNzH5Dho\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RmsqNzH5Dho"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["retired bolt ears","matty matheson","matty"]
date: "2021-11-29T06:03:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-28T16:00:09Z"
duration: "PT14M4S"
viewcount: "75614"
likeCount: "3265"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "MATTY MATHESON"
---
{% raw %}Thank you Dr. Squatch for sponsoring this video! New Dr. Squatch customers can get 20% off on orders of $20 or more when they go to  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2YuWCW1">https://bit.ly/2YuWCW1</a> and enter code DSCMATTY<br /><br />SEASONS CHANGING IM COOKIN SOMETHIN TO WARM UP THE BELLY STUFF YOUR PASTA SHELLS WITH BOLOGNESE GET JACKED UP ON THIS LANDSCAPE OF LOVE<br /><br />INGREDIENTS<br />1LB Jumbo Pasta Shells<br />2lb Ground Beef<br />3 Large Cloves Garlic<br />1 Yellow Onion<br />1 Carrot<br />2 tbsp Tomato Paste<br />1 cup Tomato Puree<br />1 cup Beef Stock<br />1 tbsp Worcestershire Sauce<br />1 tbsp Soy Sauce<br />4” Parmesan Rind<br />1 cup Whole Milk<br />1 cup Powdered Parmesan Cheese 1/2 lb Unsalted Butter, cubed 100g Fontina Cheese<br />1 ball Fiore Di Latte<br />1⁄4 cup Breadcrumbs or Panko Red Chilli Flakes<br />Salt<br />Pepper<br />Fresh Basil<br />Olive Oil<br /><br />METHOD<br />1. Peel garlic and roughly chop carrot and onion. Add to blender with 1⁄2 cup olive oil and<br />blend until fine.<br />2. In a heavy bottom pot on medium high heat, add another half cup of oil and add the<br />onion carrot and garlic mix. Allow for the mix to start bubbling up, and the carrots<br />become softened, then add your beef.<br />3. Turn the heat to high and allow the beef to incorporate with the base, the beef will begin<br />to brown and crumble. Stir consistently for about 5 minutes.<br />4. Once your beef is browned, make a well in the middle of the beef and add a pinch of red<br />chilli flakes, two tablespoons of tomato paste, then add tomato puree, beef stock, three dashes of Worcestershire sauce, three dashes of soy sauce, and a handful of fresh basil. Season with freshly cracked pepper and a generous pinch of salt. Finally, add a 4” piece of parmesan rind and stir through. Allow to simmer slowly and reduce to about half for about an hour.<br />5. Bring a pot of water to a boil. Count out your jumbo shells to fill your casserole dish. Boil pasta shells till al dente, about 8 minutes. Pull out of the water and set aside to cool, coat with olive oil so they do not stick together.<br />6. Once the sauce has reduced by half, set two ladles of sauce aside for later. Then add one cup whole milk to the pot and stir through. Add one cup powdered parmesan and a half pound of butter and stir through, turn off the heat.<br />7. Add the sauce you set aside to the bottom of your casserole dish in an even layer. Cut fontina cheese into small cubes, then one by one, take each jumbo shell and place a fontina cheese cube in the centre and cover with a spoonful of Bolognese sauce. Place each shell in an even layer across the casserole dish, until the dish is full.<br />8. Top each pasta shell with some torn fior di latte, the spoon some breadcrumb in and around, then season with fresh cracked pepper, a pinch of salt and a drizzle of olive oil.<br />9. Place into preheated oven at 350 degrees until toasty and baked – about 30 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and allow to cool a little before serving, the shells will be piping hot straight out of the oven!{% endraw %}
