---
title: "Scary Unexpected Moments When Things Went Wrong"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gWRNJM7Q85I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gWRNJM7Q85I"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["chills","top15s","top 15s"]
date: "2021-11-25T01:59:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-23T21:23:31Z"
duration: "PT11M4S"
viewcount: "96213"
likeCount: "4761"
dislikeCount: "182"
channel: "Chills"
---
{% raw %}The unexpected moments that you are about to witness will have your jaw right on the floor.  Few things are as thrilling as a good, chilling, and unanticipated moment in time. There’s nothing like reaching the end of a scary video presuming you know exactly what’s going on — only to have to face one final surprise that changes everything. To deliver you the bewildering cold creeps, here is a compilation that is guaranteed to leave you confused but also fascinated by the thrill of surprise it has to offer.<br /> <br />The entries included in this scary compilation are jam-packed with unexpected moments that will make you scream. This list of top 5 scary unexpected moments when things went wrong will horribly mess with your mind, and you won't know what hit you until it's too late. As you will make your way through this list, you are going to find that things get increasingly unnerving — and everything you believed you knew that unraveled up to a point will just suddenly change as these scary videos creep towards their end. I'm not giving you too many details; it's best that you watch this list knowing as little as possible — other than the fact that it is quite scary, and you should completely avoid watching it if you tend to get scared easily.<br /> <br />As a lifelong fan of the scary unexpected moments, I live for the eventualities I don't see coming — the curveball thrown at me at the last minute, the one scary and nuanced twist at the end that contests everything you figured you knew — all of it really fascinates me. Plus, it just goes to show how beautifully intricate and ambiguous the little subtleties could be as well as how easy is it for some things to lull you into a false sense of security. Frankly, it's chillingly scary, and that is exactly what makes me look for videos after videos that are filled with such surprising moments. If you like them too, you are going to be so glad you found this list; it is a collection of the best of the most twisted scary videos that left me surprised with their wretchedly unexpected moments.<br /> <br />These scary videos will keep you guessing until the last second, and once they’re done, you will be left dumbfounded. They will lead you through a stormy road, full of deceit to deliver an unsettling conclusion. With that, this list proves to be a surreal exploration into the human psyche and how simple it is to gull it into safety and then pull the rug from under it, the viewers are left with no choice but to be utterly surprised by the unexpected moments of the scary videos this compilation has to offer.<br /> <br />These moments are so spine-chilling that you will be forced to question everything you know, which might torment your soul with gut-wrenching frights. So, if you are someone who gets horrified when things go bump in the night, frankly, it doesn't make sense for you to be viewing one of the most unexpected moments in recent memory. Watch only if you can handle the worst of the horrors.<br /> <br />Done watching? That's great! Which of these scary videos left you unnerved the most? Let me know right below in the comments!<br /><br />Music:<br />Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)<br />jdgehlert (pond5.com)<br /><br />Entry Timestamps:<br />0:00 Intro<br />0:19 Scary Unexpected Moments<br />10:46 Outro<br /><br />Music:<br /><br />Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)<br /><br />jdgehlert (pond5.com){% endraw %}
