---
title: "UN: \"Essential to ensure that Afghanistan isn\"t used to spread terrorism\" - Modi during UNGA"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-Nb0l7zzaCU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-Nb0l7zzaCU"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Afghanistan","UNGA","Modi"]
date: "2021-09-26T14:42:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-26T10:23:26Z"
duration: "PT5M2S"
viewcount: "44"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Ruptly"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe to our channel! rupt.ly/subscribe<br /><br />Mandatory credit: UNTV<br /><br />Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi stated that &quot;Afghanistan's territory should not be used to spread terrorism&quot; during the 76th session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York City on Saturday. <br />&quot;Countries with regressive thinking that are using terrorism as a political tool need to understand that terrorism is an equally big threat for them. It is absolutely essential to ensure that Afghanistan isn't used to spread terrorism or launch terror attacks,&quot; Modi said during the meeting. <br />Modi highlighted the developments made in India regarding the vaccines against COVID-19. <br />&quot;I also extend an invitation to all vaccine manufacturers from across the world, come, come make vaccines in India,&quot; he went on to say. <br />The Indian Prime Minister also touched on the major problem caused by polluted water in the world, against which they are working &quot;running a major campaign to provide clean, drinking water to over 170 million homes.&quot; <br />&quot;Our oceans are also the lifeline of international trade,&quot; he continued. &quot;We must protect them from the race for expansion. The international community must speak in one voice to strengthen a rule-based world order,&quot; added Modi. <br />The meeting took place as a part of the 76th session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA).<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;Countries with regressive thinking that are using terrorism as a political tool need to understand that terrorism is an equally big threat for them. It is absolutely essential to ensure that Afghanistan isn't used to spread terrorism or launch terror attacks.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;I would like to inform the UNGA that India has developed the world's first DNA vaccine. This can be administered to anyone above the age of 12. An mRNA vaccine is in the final stages of development. Indian scientists are also developing a nasal vaccine against COVID-19.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi and English): &quot;Today, I also extend an invitation to all vaccine manufacturers from across the world, come, come make vaccines in India.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;Polluted water is a major problem for not just India, but the entire world and in particular for poor and developed countries. In order to address this challenge in India, we're running a major campaign to provide clean, drinking water to over 170 million homes.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;Our oceans are also the lifeline of international trade. We must protect them from the race for expansion. The international community must speak in one voice to strengthen a rule-based world order.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;Mr. president, today every 6th person in the world is Indian. When Indians make progress, it also gives an impetus to the development of the world. When India grows, the world grows. When India reforms, the world transforms.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;On August 15th this year, India entered the 75th year of independence. Our diversity is the identity of our strong democracy. It is a country that has dozens of languages, hundreds of dialects, different lifestyles and cuisines. This is the best example of a vibrant democracy.&quot;<br /><br />SOT, Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister (Hindi): &quot;Mr. President, for the last 1.5 years, the world has been facing the worst pandemic in 100 years, I pay tribute to all those who have lost their lives in the deadly coronavirus pandemic and I express my condolences to their families.&quot;<br />#Modi #Afghanistan #UNGA <br />    Video ID: 20210925-039<br /><br />    Video on Demand: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ruptly.tv/videos/20210925-039">https://ruptly.tv/videos/20210925-039</a><br />    Contact: cd@ruptly.tv    <br /><br />    Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/Ruptly">http://twitter.com/Ruptly</a><br />    Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.facebook.com/Ruptly">http://www.facebook.com/Ruptly</a>{% endraw %}
