---
title: "Tesla Gigafactory Texas 15 December 2021 Cyber Truck & Model Y Factory Construction Update (08:00AM)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gT0MJQWcCqU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gT0MJQWcCqU"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Cyber Truck","Model Y","Gigafactory"]
date: "2021-12-16T09:27:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-15T22:01:35Z"
duration: "PT26M44S"
viewcount: "11555"
likeCount: "1238"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Joe Tegtmeyer"
---
{% raw %}Gigafactory Texas on 15 December 2021! This is where the Cyber Truck and Model Y will be built!<br /><br />   Another great day to fly around the site and plenty to see despite some grey skies and winds that were building during the flight today. Nevertheless, I was able to get some nice shots around the main site today, including some new test blanks coming out of the stamping machine structure which seems to indicate they are mow stamping new parts from the large body panels we have previously observed!<br />     In this video introduction segment, we look at several highlighted areas around the site this morning and then look back 3 months ago to see how Giga Texas appeared then and to help see how much has changed in such a short time.  The intent of this lookback is to help the viewer compare, see the unbelievable speed of progress, and to appreciate the amount of work that has been accomplished to bring Giga Texas to the brink of production start before 2021 comes to an end.<br /><br />Timestamps:<br />Key highlights around the site w/ discussion &amp; illustration: 0:06 to 2:35<br />“On-this-Day” 3-month ago lookback: 2:36 to 4:44<br />Drone flight footage &amp; infographics: 5:07 to 26:43<br /><br />Here are the highlights from today's video:<br />-    On the east side of the stamping machine structure, we see the standard two blue bins with large stamping tests pieces, but we also see a new larger bin filled with smaller test blanks, indicating they are moving to different parts for testing and calibration of at least one of the stamping machines<br />- On the south pond area, we see the main pond still filled with water as part of the testing of the various systems.  Water is being pumped up from the Colorado River with large pump and long pipes entering the north manifold area.  Also, we see gravel being spread on the newly levelled land area between the large pond, the now buried water splitter box and the main building. <br />- The south end of the General Assembly structure is getting more wall panels this morning, and the west side, under the large windows seems to be getting a front entrance area constructed, with now an area projecting a bit from the structure, centered under the large window “V” on the second floor.<br />- On the west side of the Battery cell structure, we see more preparations to pour a concrete loading dock area, we also see the concrete pour on the NW corner is already completed and crosscut, and more activity on the north end, mainly brining materials inside and work around the loading scaffolding area.<br />- The north end of the paint shop is also getting more concrete driveway and loading areas poured and/or rebar being fitted.  Soon, the entire north end of the paint shop will have the concrete groundwork completed.<br />- The casting machine north and northeast area concrete is completed except for the area where electrical conduit boxes are located.  Here, we see piping being installed, connecting to what appears to be a manhole access tube. The roof work on the area connecting the casting and paint shop areas seems completed, for now, but there remains a lot of roofing insulation and materials, suggesting more work may occur later today or this week.<br />- On the north area near the electrical switchyard, we see more storm water pipe being installed, now further south and nearly ready to go under the main Tesla Road.  I think this will connect to the storm water pipe being installed in the east parking area, carrying water from this area all the way south to one of the water detention ponds. Also, the gas pipe area is now fully covered with dirt and looks completed.<br />- More interesting deliveries up at the north old plant area, with large boxes, more semi-trucks and materials observed under the awning area of the structure.<br />- Finally, on the far east side, we see more contractor trailers being wet up in the newly cleared area, and the material and equipment storage area seemed to be more active, but no construction observed.<br /><br />     Thank you for watching and I hope this has been informative, educational, and entertaining for you.  If you would like, please consider supporting me via Patreon (link is in the description of this video and in the video itself) so I can continue to make and share these incredible videos.<br /><br />Follow me on<br />Patreon <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage">https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage</a><br />Twitter @JoeTegtmeyer<br />Instagram (Joe’s Last Chance Garage) for the latest updates: #joeslastchancegarage<br />Facebook Joe Tegtmeyer and Joe’s Last Chance Garage<br /><br />Be sure to check out additional Texas Gigafactory footage on these channels:<br />@Terafactory Texas<br />@Jeff Roberts <br />@Texas Terafactory<br /><br />Video, photos, illustrations, and commentary on this video is by me, Joe Tegtmeyer unless otherwise annotated.<br /><br />Music in this video is obtained from the YouTube free and unrestricted and royalty-free use library.  Ending song is Mr. Sunny Face - Wayne Jones<br /><br />Drones used are DJI Mavic Mini and Mavic Air 2.<br /><br />Drone flight over Giga Texas is with permission of Tesla and CEO Elon Musk{% endraw %}
