---
title: "Brain Matters documentary | Early Childhood Development"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Rw_aVnlp0JY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Rw_aVnlp0JY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["education","teaching","brain"]
date: "2021-12-15T14:01:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-29T01:33:29Z"
duration: "PT59M52S"
viewcount: "1076430"
likeCount: "14484"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Brain Matters"
---
{% raw %}Why is it that some children thrive while others do not?  Is it a matter of genetics, IQ, socioeconomic background or education?<br /><br />Every child deserves to reach their full potential and the early years are the best possible start in life that could transform the world. <br /><br />⭐️LANGUAGE PREFERENCES⭐️<br /><br />*Brain Matters is available with the following subtitles: Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Spanish and Russian. Please select the language of your choice in settings.<br /><br />*Brain Matters está disponible con subtítulos en los siguientes idiomas: alemán, árabe, chino, español, francés y ruso. Por favor seleccione el idioma de preferencia en Ajustes.<br /><br />▶ HELP US TO GET 500K SIGNATURES ON CHANGE.ORG ◀<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://change.org/brainmatters">https://change.org/brainmatters</a><br /><br />During the process of producing Brain Matters, it became evident that all children are born ready to learn and it is during this time period, long before they enter formal schooling, that the foundation for who they will become in the future gets built. <br /><br />Global leaders have recognized the need to invest in the early years and have committed to making it a high priority.  But many are still falling short on delivering the funding and fostering a collective movement to bring about lasting improvements.<br /><br />We have started a CHANGE.ORG PETITION to remind Global Leaders to turn their promises into real action. We need 500,000 signatures to be heard. Please, support our mission by signing the petition and sharing it with the world!<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://change.org/brainmatters">https://change.org/brainmatters</a><br /><br /><br /><br />⭐️ABOUT BRAIN MATTERS  ⭐️<br /><br />BRAIN MATTERS reveals that learning begins way before children go to school and that its the experiences children are exposed to that determine their chances for future success. Everyday situations such as play, relationships, language and nutrition are examined with a fresh scientific approach, aiming at a set of brain boosting skills and activities that can provide every child with the opportunity to thrive.<br /><br />Through interviews with cutting edge researchers, scientists, economists, families and educators, BRAIN MATTERS explores the so called &quot;miracle years&quot;, a critical period of our lives that no one remembers, in a profound new way – emphasizing how the first few years are the greatest opportunity we have to give children the best start in life.<br /><br />Written and Directed by Carlota Nelson<br /><br />⚡️ABOUT GENESIS FOUNDATION⚡️<br /><br />The Genesis Foundation is a dynamic, driven and proactive not-for-profit institution dedicated specifically to transforming the way Colombian children learn. Established more than a decade ago, the Genesis Foundation draws from a unique network of benefactors in Colombia and beyond to support programs designed to deliver quality education to underserved Colombian youth, allowing them the opportunity to more fully develop the tools, knowledge and training necessary for success, contributing to a more just and equal society in the process.<br /><br />⭐️ FOLLOW US  ⭐️<br />www.brainmattersfilm.com<br />Instagram: www.instagram.com/brainmattersdoc<br />Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainmattersdoc<br />Facebook: www.facebook.com/brainmattersdoc{% endraw %}
