---
title: "Brian Laundrie POSSIBLE BODY FOUND? Campsite discovery and father joins the search"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hcvABa5Puy0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hcvABa5Puy0"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Brian Laundrie Sighting","Green Coves Spring","Florida"]
date: "2021-10-07T18:45:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-07T12:57:42Z"
duration: "PT53M16S"
viewcount: "62414"
likeCount: "3472"
dislikeCount: "415"
channel: "Joseph Morris"
---
{% raw %}Brian Laundrie POSSIBLE BODY FOUND? Campsite discovery and father joins the search, Please subscribe and ring the bell so you never miss a video!<br /><br />So the most activity at the reserve in weeks.<br /><br />1) Campsite found<br /><br />A source close to Laundrie's family told CNN's Chris Cuomo on Wednesday that authorities had found the remnants of a campsite that appeared to have been used recently.<br /><br />The source said that police had previously involved Laundrie's father in the search, but stopped including him on Wednesday after finding the remains of the campsite, CNN reported.<br /><br />2) Brian Laundrie’s Dad Christopher Laundrie asked to assist in search, attorney says<br /><br />Unusual<br /><br />Brian Laundrie’s Dad Christopher Laundrie asked to assist in search, attorney says, please subscribe and ring the bell so you never miss a video!<br /><br />Cassie interview said she “doesn’t know’ if they have anything to do with it. Bad look for the Laundries as they are not helping. Are they trying to change public perception of them? The search at the reserve has increased lately, a source close to CNN says they found a campsite. <br /><br />I want to know who asked him to help. Was it the cops? How could he assist in a way that would be helpful? All I can think of is that they need him to identify a body<br /><br />Don't believe that, he's doing it to make himself look good.<br /><br />They spent 5 hours searching on 9/13, didn't find him, but didn't report him missing until 4 days later when an officer came to their door?<br /><br />According to CNN they stopped including him in the search, is it possible because they found something and don’t need him anymore<br /><br />3) A lot of these places are hard to get to in the swamp, so they brought in a drone footage. <br /><br />3) Missing Hiker death ruled a suicide<br /><br />The missing hiker whose body was found in the same Wyoming national forest as the remains of Gabby Petito died by suicide, a local coroner said Wednesday.<br /><br />Robert &quot;Bob&quot; Lowery, 46, a father of two from Houston, Texas, died as a result of suicide from a gunshot wound to the head, Teton County Coroner Dr. Brent Blue told Insider. <br /><br />4) Facebook Post<br /><br />The Facebook user went private after I requested an interview.<br /><br />5) Abandoned Car Released<br /><br />The abandoned note says it happened the day after. The park has a strict policy against leaving your car overnight, even though the law says it needs to be a space for 5 days for it to be towed. <br /><br />6) Hiker has 11 other <br /><br />Hiker who is '99.9%' certain he encountered fugitive Brian Laundrie on the Appalachian Trail has finally been questioned by the FBI and was told officials were following up on 11 other sightings in the area{% endraw %}
