---
title: "TRADE Binary Options LIKE CRAZY - From $100 to $3700."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/H-SVGiujPgE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "H-SVGiujPgE"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["binary options trading","quotex","quotex strategy"]
date: "2021-12-08T13:35:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-06T21:40:36Z"
duration: "PT7M32S"
viewcount: "1244"
likeCount: "46"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Lara Trader | Best binary options trading strategy"
---
{% raw %}Do you want to recover your losses or START TRADE LIKE CRAZY?<br />Write me here 👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://inlnk.ru/XOemg">https://inlnk.ru/XOemg</a><br /><br />I trade on Quotex because my indicators along with my inputs stay on my charts as long as I want, there are more stock options available than some of the other brokers, you can open a demo account  before you fund it, and you can fund it with as little as $50.<br /><br />✅Register an account at Quotex Option and start earning: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://toig.ru/Vow31">https://toig.ru/Vow31</a><br /><br />In this video I use 2 indicators for my binary options trading strategy:<br /><br />1) The DeMarker (or DeMark) indicator, also known by the abbreviation &quot;DeM,&quot; is a technical analysis tool that compares the most recent maximum and minimum prices to the previous period's equivalent price to measure the demand of the underlying asset.<br /><br />2) The Awesome Oscillator Indicator (AO) is a technical analysis indicator created by American trader Bill Williams as a tool to determine whether bullish or bearish forces dominate the market. It measures the market momentum with the aim of detecting potential trend direction or trend reversals.<br /><br />About Binary options in General<br /><br />A clear and practical guide to utilizing binary choices to speculate, hedge, and profession Trading Binary Options is a strategic guide on successfully navigating this fast-growing section.<br /><br />With clear descriptions and a practical point of view, this reliable guide reveals you just how binaries function, the strategies that bring out their strengths, exactly how to integrate them right into your existing methods, as well as a lot more.<br /><br />This upgraded second edition includes new insurance coverage of Cantor-Fitzgerald binaries, New York Stock Exchange binaries, as well as exactly how to utilize binaries to hedge trading, along with expert insight on the marketplaces in which binaries are available. Independent investors and also financiers will certainly locate helpful support on guessing on price motions or hedging their stock portfolios utilizing these simple, less complex options with potentially considerable influence.<br /><br />Binary choices offer either a fixed payout or nothing in any way. While it seems straightforward sufficient, using them effectively needs an extra nuanced understanding of how, where, and why they function. This publication provides the critical expertise you need to utilize binary choices to ideal result. Learn hedging and also trading methods details to binaries Pick the marketplaces with best liquidity and lowest expenditures Locate the ideal broker for your particular binary options method Make use of binaries in conjunction with other strategies<br /><br />Popular in the over-the-counter market, binary alternatives are regularly utilized to hedge or speculate on assets, currencies, rates of interest, and supply indices. They have become available to retail traders with the Chicago Board Options Exchange and also the American Stock Exchange, as well as numerous online systems, enabling you the chance to add yet one more tool to your spending collection. Trading Binary Options is the crucial resource for traders seeking clear assistance on these appealing alternatives.<br /><br />This video is no shape or form financial advice, it is strictly intended for entertainment purposes only. <br /><br />#money #binaryoptions #livetrading{% endraw %}
