---
title: "American Military Satellites have undergone a Large Scale Attack by Unknown Russian EW Systems!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gCTU8C06rww\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gCTU8C06rww"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["American","Military","Satellites"]
date: "2021-12-05T20:34:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-05T10:16:29Z"
duration: "PT3M35S"
viewcount: "8779"
likeCount: "539"
dislikeCount: "11"
channel: "BORZZIKMAN"
---
{% raw %}American Military Satellites have undergone a Large-Scale Attack by Unknown Russian EW Systems!<br />*******************************************************************************************<br /><br />Electronic warfare systems are rightfully considered an effective tool in the fight against weapons of the 21st century. Modern weapons, including satellites, are crammed with electronics, which makes them an excellent target for electronic warfare systems. And Russia is holding leading positions in this field of armament. So, just the other day, the United States recorded an attack on its military satellites. The US military command announced that the Russian military conducted an unprecedented attack on US military space vehicles. According to the Americans, ''Attacks have been carried out using electronic warfare systems of an unknown type and for a very long time, and such attacks have a serious impact on the operation of US space vehicles''. Information on this matter appeared after the statement of the American military command that Russia and China even used laser weapons against satellites. According to the vice chief of space operations general David Thomson, ''The ongoing arms race in space has become prominent after Russia destroyed a satellite in space with a missile. And the United States and its adversaries are fighting in space every day. Threats are indeed growing and expanding every day. And this is indeed an evolution of activity that has been going on for a long time''..........<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Dear subscribers and guests of this channel. If you like my channel and if you really like what I've been doing on my youtube channel, then start supporting BORZZIKMAN on Patreon.<br />Your support will help me out to keep the production of my exclusive videos running smoothly. Moreover, you'll gain access to my other exclusive videos, also you will get the possibility to order the creation of an exclusive video that you want to see, suggest topics for future video analyses, and most important help this channel to survive. <br />Become a Patron - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167</a><br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Other platforms to support the BORZZIKMAN channel.<br /><br /><br />WebMoney: Z287850237751 (USD)<br />                      E356280180033 (EUR)<br />                      R031929326481 (RUB)<br /><br /><br />Bitcoin: 1Lv4nnM1ZJVW1GJMUeGMCZXPXz8xeKuGTf<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />WARNING: ANY other channel using my nickname, image or videos is unauthorized and fake. This is the ONLY channel run and operated by BORZZIKMAN! This is the official BORZZIKMAN YouTube channel!<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...">https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...</a><br /><br />#BORZZIKMAN{% endraw %}
