---
title: "15 Merciless Animals That Eat Their Prey Alive"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QiQC3OMDedk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QiQC3OMDedk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["15 Animals That Eat Their Prey Alive","animals","predator"]
date: "2021-11-14T15:17:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-13T11:02:13Z"
duration: "PT18M31S"
viewcount: "77326"
likeCount: "615"
dislikeCount: "49"
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}When predators hunt their prey, they usually kill them before they eat them, right? Wrong! Many predators will begin to eat their prey alive because they simply can’t kill it as their neck may be too big or for various other reasons. If you want to see what it looks like, keep watching, as we countdown 15 animals that eat their prey alive<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ►  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/UpeqAc">https://goo.gl/UpeqAc</a> <br /><br />Watch our “15 times crocodiles and alligators messed with the wrong opponent.”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/EsMSi0CF3jE">https://youtu.be/EsMSi0CF3jE</a><br />Watch our “15 Best Eagle Attacks Caught on Camera”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ZEbaOB3I6x0">https://youtu.be/ZEbaOB3I6x0</a><br />Watch our “15 Merciless Animal Battles Ever Filmed”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/9V-I4nDmwYQ">https://youtu.be/9V-I4nDmwYQ</a><br /><br />Otters<br /><br />Otters will not back down from a battle, and a turtle is no exception, but look at this otter sneak up on this large turtle. The otter gets onto the turtle's back and attempts to flip it instantly as if it is aware of its vulnerability. The otter lets go, because of the turtle's snap attempt, but only for a short moment. The otter is determined to turn the turtle over, but it is a difficult task. It finally succeeds and starts biting the turtle's belly. With the turtle remaining on its back and defenseless, the otter pushes it farther into the water. I suppose the otter will eat turtle soup today and return the next day to finish the leftovers. Turtles do not stand a chance against any attack once they have been turned over. Although flipping the turtle over was not simple for the otter, you knew it was just a matter of time before it happened. These otters enjoy a delectable turtle meal after killing one and carrying it on the riverbank. You can see how focused they are, as they dig into the tender turtle meat. I guess the turtle has been cut into bits and pieces. These two otters are giving this turtle a hard time. You can see one of the otters grab the turtle by the head and lift it up and down. I guess the otter is trying to rip the turtle’s head off.<br /><br />Jaguars<br /><br />Jaguars typically hunt alone, but this couple successfully caught a caiman together. An animal this large must consume a lot of meat and live in an ecosystem with larger prey such as deer, caiman, paca, capybara, tapir, and large fish that are relatively easy to hunt. Jaguars are extremely rare in Costa Rica, and their future is uncertain. Cattle ranchers, despite being legally protected, occasionally kill jaguars who have developed a taste for horses and cattle. These jaguars have worked together, and the caiman may not be dead yet, but they are transporting it through the forest, most likely biting it while it is still alive. This jaguar has a caiman by the neck, and you can see all the bite marks on the caiman’s head. The caiman is still alive, but it looks stunned and it’s doing absolutely nothing to defend itself, unless it’s dead, of course. After resting, the jaguar grabs the caiman and pulls it up the mound to a safer place.{% endraw %}
