---
title: "4K Copenhagen, Denmark - City Walking Tour - Traveling Around Europe - Part 1"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AQqPG14QjJM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AQqPG14QjJM"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["copenhagen","denmark","walking tour"]
date: "2021-11-27T06:50:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-19T14:00:03Z"
duration: "PT2H31M38S"
viewcount: "20069"
likeCount: "383"
dislikeCount: "7"
channel: "4K Urban Life"
---
{% raw %}We invite you to join us in a 2.5 hours city  walking tour around the most interesting places of this charming city. We will walk through the historic city center, admire Frederiksstaden district, home to the royal family’s Amalienborg Palace, Christiansborg Palace and the Renaissance-era Rosenborg Castle. Discover Europe  with 4K Urban Life! Copenhagen, Denmark’s capital, sits on the coastal islands of Zealand and Amager. We will encounter heavy traffic, many different kinds of transportation, such as bicycles and mopeds, pleasure boats and buses, and of course, a huge number of cars. A lot of different people, a variety of interesting architecture, a riot of colors and many small cozy cafes and shops - all this awaits you in Copenhagen! The name of the capital means &quot;City of Merchants&quot;, so it is not surprising that Copenhagen is now considered the most expensive capital in the world. Take a virtual walk and enjoy city life in the sunshine. Turn your TV into a virtual window to beautiful Copenhagen! <br /><br />Video from: #Copenhagen, Denmark<br />Video title: Traveling Around Europe Part 1 Copenhagen <br />Time of filming: August of 2021<br />Video resolution: #4K UHD<br />Equipment used: Blackmagic Pocket 4K<br />Video type: city walking tour video<br />Producer: Roman Khomlyak, ProArtInc<br />Cinematographer: Agnius Marcevicius <br />Editor and colorist: Maxim Fomishen<br />Supervising editor: Anatoliy Pylypenko <br />Special THANKS to our professional filmmakers and editors for their fascinating, creative, hard, and challenging work.<br /><br />Take a virtual tour around the beautiful old city on a rainy day. See the most interesting famous buildings and monuments, walk along cobbled streets, ride a bike along the embankment and enjoy the unique flavor of a European city with a long history.  Discover the best attractions in the city and get inspired to make your own trip!<br /><br />Benefits of watching:<br />- Virtual traveling to one of the oldest and most beautiful cities in Europe without going anywhere.<br />- Take a break from your routine and get inspired for future trips.<br />See the Danish`s everyday life<br />- Relax, abstract from your worries and fill yourself with positive emotions.<br /><br />This city waking tour can be a perfect virtual wallpaper for any waiting rooms, lounge zones, medical clinics, public places, etc. Take in the interesting cityscapes on your Oled TV, Samsung 4K HDR TV, Sony 4K TV, LG 4K TV, etc. <br /><br />To watch our videos without ads and watermarks subscribe to our app: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://4krelax.com">https://4krelax.com</a><br /><br />For licensing questions: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/i0VUj6">http://goo.gl/i0VUj6</a><br /><br />Like! Share! and Subscribe to our channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/47h3r4">https://goo.gl/47h3r4</a><br />New UHD Videos Every Week!<br /><br />MB01WSHXQSBRQLE{% endraw %}
