---
title: "DJ Mix - Kemalogy (nearly all of Kemal, Rob Data and Konflict's released works mixed live in a club)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-ZtkQmXnmjo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-ZtkQmXnmjo"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Kemal","Konflict","Kemal & Rob Data"]
date: "2021-10-25T21:50:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-02T04:57:56Z"
duration: "PT5H59M19S"
viewcount: "350"
likeCount: "15"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "djmix5000"
---
{% raw %}320 and better streaming quality: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://hearthis.at/djmix/kemalogy">http://hearthis.at/djmix/kemalogy</a><br />Tracklist is in the pinned comment (too many characters)... There once was a small monthly club event for 50 - 100 heads in Mannheim between summer 2012 and autumn 2014. It had an actual High End PA, all proper equipment and really REALLY good sound in the room - no monitors even needed at the DJ table, insane sub bass pressure but no ear pain, clean crisp mids &amp; highs and no tinnitus after 6 hours in there (one guest DJ with more clubs on his belt than me said that we had better sound than the Berghain in Berlin). In addition we had notable guest DJs, charged only a laughable door fee of 6 Euro and offered free mineral water and a free fruit basket on top. It was lots of work for few but lots of fun for all i.e. full on socialism and overall the best parties I ever had. In this optimal environment I played circa half-hour-long all-Kemal/Konflict sets almost every month for a good year and announced them in all seriousness on the flyers for lulz, one decade after I had recorded my first all-Kemal/Konflict fanboy mix entitled &quot;Konfliktpotential&quot; (proof: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hearthis.at/djhektik/djhektik-konfliktpotentiali320/">https://hearthis.at/djhektik/djhektik-konfliktpotentiali320/</a> ). Those pre-planned sets all came from vinyl over properly adjusted Sure M44-7s with fit needles at 2.5 - 3 g weight on 1210s through an Ecler Nuo 4.0 to a Zoom H2N or the old PC respectively, and each time it was a different set with other tunes. Here are these sets cut together for posterity. Not all of them have a room mic track layered in (the ones recorded to PC don't) but only the last one was mixed at home, because the recording of the respective party was lost, unfortunately (looking at you, mister 30 secret DJ techniques). The joint tracklist omits all intro/interlude tunes and counts only the tunes from the main sets. The kemalic Don had released nearly 80 Drum &amp; Bass tunes before his comeback in 2019 and 3 are missing from the mix(es) - name them and win a free Hat McCullough, or make Rob Data release “Smokescreen” and win the Internet. Meanwhile go to <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://kemalrobdata.bandcamp.com/">http://kemalrobdata.bandcamp.com/</a> and buy the collection. I visit &amp; buy monthly and when all old Material is out there I hope to re-do this mix better and perhaps properly, on CDJs this time, without the party live/life feeling but with the previously unreleased stuff included (tunes like &quot;The Greys&quot;, &quot;Rupture&quot; and &quot;Time's Up&quot;). One glorious day that will be when I upload it to 10- listeners as is the law of deep fandom. Take the money and spotlight, bignames, I'll just take the bigger picture because deejaying is a art (@Mista) after all and has been all along, from start, thanks to Francis Grasso (R.I.P.). Thanks and respect to Kemal, all other producers and most label heads involved, lol. It never gets old, does it. To be fair, an appropriate ammount of respect to Clayton as well for having released all that groundlaying technoid black gold back when even if by crook at times. Where are the Trouble On Vinyl digital re-releases though? Do it proper instead of writing joke books - do it like Kemal, a handful of tunes every month on Bandcamp friday, re-release after re-release, guaranteed income for years. Maybe not thousands but hundreds are waiting for it. (Street) Team Neurofunk ftw!1!! Furthermore, I would like to dedicate this mix to Chris Sullivan aka DJ Spinbad, as long as I can, one of the exceptionally greatest and constitutive masters of deejaying. He influenced me (and thousands of other DJs) more than any DnB-DJ (aside from the one Bad Boy Kaiza). I would not even have begun to develop my strobing without hearing his mindblowing &quot;Rock The Casbah&quot; mixtape in 2002. Here is the full thing, R.I.P. Spinbad i.e. good travels and may his needle never skip: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://hearthis.at/mixes5000/dj-spinbad-rocks-the-cashbah/">http://hearthis.at/mixes5000/dj-spinbad-rocks-the-cashbah/</a> And here are about the parties these mixes were recorded at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20160131150351/http://basslabor.org/basslabor.htm">https://web.archive.org/web/20160131150351/http://basslabor.org/basslabor.htm</a>{% endraw %}
