---
title: "Anthony Joshua IS OUTRAGED BY Alexander Usyk's REFUSAL TO FIGHT A REMATCH \/ Tyson Fury - Usyk FIGHT"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_KVdmUhcveA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_KVdmUhcveA"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Alexander Usyk","joshua pulev fight","usyk joshua"]
date: "2021-11-08T15:10:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-08T11:06:43Z"
duration: "PT8M50S"
viewcount: "173"
likeCount: "6"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Fight Tech"
---
{% raw %}Anthony Joshua IS OUTRAGED BY Alexander Usyk's REFUSAL TO FIGHT A REMATCH Tyson Fury - Usyk FIGHT<br /><br />Former world heavyweight champion Tony Bellew sees his compatriot as the winner in the rematch of Alexander Usyk and Anthony Joshua. British boxer Tony Bellew at one time himself suffered from the Ukrainian when he lost all the titles in the first heavyweight to him. After such humiliation, the Briton immediately left professional boxing in 2018.<br /><br />Now boxing expert Tony Bellew has shared his thoughts on AJ's motivation for the future fight. And also about Joshua's future coach.<br /><br />The head of the Top Rank promotion company Bob Arum believes that Anthony Joshua should refuse an immediate rematch with the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight champion Alexander Usyk, so that the Ukrainian could fight with the owner of the WBC belt Tyson Fury.<br /><br />The head of the Matchroom Boxing promotion company Eddie Hearn believes that Briton Anthony Joshua should completely change his environment before the rematch with the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight world champion Ukrainian Alexander Usyk, but at the same time excludes the rupture of his ward's relationship with coach Rob McCracken.<br /><br />Former world heavyweight champion Andy Ruiz admitted that Alexander Usyk's victory in the fight with Anthony Joshua was a surprise for him, but he is convinced that AJ can perform better in the rematch.<br /><br />Former world champion in four weight categories Roy Jones Jr. said that as a specialist, the Alexander Usyk - Anthony Joshua fight pleased him more than the Tyson Fury - Deontay Wilder trilogy.<br /><br />Javier Miller, the head coach of Dillian White, insists that his ward is able to come out victorious in a fight against the WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury.<br /><br />British boxer Tony Bellew at one time himself suffered from the Ukrainian when he lost all the titles in the first heavyweight to him. After such humiliation, the Briton immediately left professional boxing in 2018.<br /><br />&quot;Joshua will feel like the whole world has turned against him.<br />Do you know what will annoy him most of all? The fact that he was written off. The fact that he is not given a single chance in the rematch.<br />So, of course, Anthony will want to prove the whole world that they are wrong.<br />Coaches from all over the world share photos with Joshua on social networks. Get off the dude. Let him do what he sees fit. He's a grown man. He'll figure it out himself. After all, this is his life and his career,&quot; Bellew quotes<br /><br />The current holder of the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight titles, Alexander Usyk, commented on the victory of Saul Alvarez in the fight for the title of absolute world champion in the second middle division against Caleb Plant.<br /><br />The Ukrainian, who at one time was the absolute champion in the first heavyweight division, congratulated the Mexican on entering the circle of selected boxers.<br /><br />&quot;Congratulations. Welcome to the club of absolute champions, Canelo!&quot; - Alexander Usyk wrote on his Twitter page.<br /><br />The head of the Top Rank promotion company Bob Arum believes that Anthony Joshua should refuse an immediate rematch with the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight champion Alexander Usyk, so that the Ukrainian could fight with the owner of the WBC belt Tyson Fury.<br /><br />&quot;I think Joshua really needs a new coach, because, of course, if he fights with Usyk the same way as in the first fight, then they can meet a hundred more times, and Alexander will win all these fights.<br /><br />Perhaps a new coach will help Joshua, but I think it would be wise not to have an immediate rematch with Usyk, allowing him to fight Tyson Fury. And let the winner face Joshua, who will hold an interim fight in the meantime.<br /><br />I hope so. It makes sense. Whether it will work this way is not up to me. It depends on Joshua,&quot; Bob Arum said<br /><br />The head of the Matchroom Boxing promotion company Eddie Hearn believes that Briton Anthony Joshua should completely change his environment before the rematch with the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight world champion Ukrainian Alexander Usyk, but at the same time excludes the rupture of his ward's relationship with coach Rob McCracken.<br /><br />&quot;I think Joshua needs to change his environment. Everyone asks me, &quot;Who will be the best coach for Anthony?&quot; The best coach for Joshua will be the person he believes in. Working with which, he will feel comfortable. His mentor should put him on a stool at the right moment and change the rules of the fight. Rob McCracken is his coach, his mentor, his advisor.<br />Joshua's victory by knockout in a fight with Kubrat Pulev, lopez defeated lomachenko and lomachenko lost to Lopez and lomachenko lopez rematch will take place, alexander usyk joe joyce fight will take place, lomachenko nakatani fight will also take place, usyk joshua and deontay wilder tyson fury fight, usyk knocked out joshua, usyk defeated joshua{% endraw %}
