---
title: "Medicare Advantage Plans 🤔 Pros & Cons"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CjFXuF4cYok\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CjFXuF4cYok"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Medicare Advantage Plans","medicare advantage plans pros and cons","medicare advantage plans explained"]
date: "2021-10-01T01:31:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-14T07:39:25Z"
duration: "PT6M59S"
viewcount: "2132"
likeCount: "188"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Medicare Advisor"
---
{% raw %}Today I'm going to talk about the pros and cons of Medicare Advantage Plans. This video is for general info only. Please call us so that we can help you maximize your Medicare benefits.<br />👉 Call us at 1-800-273-9066 for FREE Medicare Advice <br />1️⃣ If you wondering if there are better Medicare plans available<br />2️⃣ If you worried you don't fully understand your current Medicare plan<br />3️⃣ If you just plain curious as to what other benefits you could get at no extra cost<br /><br />Today I'm going to talk about the pros and cons of Medicare Advantage Plans. This video is for general info only. If you'd like to speak with a licensed Medicare professional to go over your Medicare options with regard to your specific situation, please call us.<br /><br />Medicare Advantage, also known as Medicare Part C, makes it possible for people with Medicare Part A, also known as hospital insurance and Part B medical insurance to receive their Medicare benefits in an alternative way. Medicare Advantage plans are offered by private insurance companies contracted with Medicare and provide at least the same level of coverage that Medicare Part A and Part B provide.<br /><br />You may be wondering which is the better choice, whether to sign up for a Medicare Advantage plan or Original Medicare. There isn’t a simple answer because Medicare Advantage plans have key features that many people find attractive and other characteristics that may not match with your personal preferences or lifestyle. Let’s take a closer look at some of the important pros and cons of Medicare Advantage plans.<br />Let’s start with the Pros of Medicare Advantage plans<br /><br />1) Medicare Advantage plans often provide more benefits than you would receive under Original Medicare.<br />Medicare Advantage plans must offer at least the same level of coverage as Medicare Part A and Part B and many plans offer added benefits. These may include coverage for routine vision care, hearing aids, routine dental care, prescription drug coverage, and fitness center membership.<br /><br />2) Medicare Advantage plans may cost you less.<br />If you enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan, you continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium and you may pay an additional premium. The insurer determines the Medicare Advantage plan’s premium, which can vary from one Medicare Advantage plan to another. Some Medicare Advantage plans may have premiums as low as $0.<br /><br />3)  Medicare Advantage plans coordinate care among your health care providers.<br />Typically Medicare Advantage plans are managed care and have networks of contracted health care providers. An example would be Health Maintenance Organization or HMO Medicare Advantage plans. These HMO plans require you to select a Primary Care Physician who helps to coordinate your care.<br /><br />4) Medicare Advantage plans can serve as your “one-stop” center for all your health and prescription drug coverage needs.<br />Most Medicare Advantage plans combine medical and Part D prescription drug coverage. Many also coordinate the delivery of added benefits, such as vision, dental, and hearing care. <br />Now let’s move on to the Cons of Medicare Advantage plans<br /><br />1) Medicare Advantage plans may limit your freedom of choice in health care providers.<br />With the federally administered Medicare program, you can generally go to any doctor or facility that accepts Medicare and receive the same level of Medicare benefits for covered services. In contrast, Medicare Advantage plans are more restricted in terms of their provider networks. <br /><br />2) Medicare Advantage plans’ coverage for some services and procedures may require doctor’s referral and plan authorizations. Medicare Advantage plans try to prevent the misuse or overuse of health care through various means. This might include prior authorization for hospital stays, home health care, medical equipment, and certain complicated procedures. <br /><br />3) Medicare Advantage plans have specific service areas.<br />Most Medicare Advantage plans have regional rather than nationwide networks of participating providers. To enroll, you must reside in the Medicare Advantage plan’s service area at least 6 months of the year.<br />The bottom line is that Medicare Advantage plans may provide more affordable coverage than you would receive otherwise. The trade-off is that you have to follow the Medicare Advantage plan’s rules to receive payment for covered services.<br /><br />#MedicareAdvantagePlansProsandCons<br />#MedicareAdvantagePlans<br /><br />Tags: Medicare Advantage Plans,medicare advantage plans pros and cons,medicare advantage plans explained,medicare advantage plans 2021,what are the pros and cons of medicare advantage plan,pros and cons medicare advantage plans,pros and cons to medicare advantage plans,the pros and cons of medicare advantage plans,medicare advantage plan,medicare advantage cons,medicare advantage 2021,medicare advantage explained,what are the pros and cons of medicare advantage plans<br /><br />👉 Call us at 1-800-273-9066 for FREE Medicare Advice{% endraw %}
