---
title: "I lived a perfect life until sister was born"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n9Q5ytcAR2Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n9Q5ytcAR2Q"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["lived","perfect","until"]
date: "2021-10-20T15:56:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-19T17:00:38Z"
duration: "PT12M44S"
viewcount: "206761"
likeCount: "10019"
dislikeCount: "205"
channel: "Story Time Animated"
---
{% raw %}Check out our channels in your favorite language <br />Spanish <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3ljA5lO">https://bit.ly/3ljA5lO</a><br />German <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2QnDRfw">https://bit.ly/2QnDRfw</a><br />French <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2QqWbV6">https://bit.ly/2QqWbV6</a><br /><br />Our second channel <br />Story Time Animated 2 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/34E34uR">https://bit.ly/34E34uR</a><br /><br />&quot;You may have my mother fooled but I never liked you,&quot; my fists clenched as I looked Omar squarely in the eyes.<br /><br />&quot;And your mother is the only person that counts,&quot; his lips curved slightly at the corners.<br /><br />&quot;I know that it was you.&quot;<br /><br />&quot;It was me but who is going to believe you? It's your word against mine,&quot; his eyes darkened.<br /><br />We heard a gasp and turned towards it….<br /><br />Hey, my name is Ryleigh. Please like this video and subscribe to our channel. Also, tap that notification bell. Let's get back to the story.<br /><br />I had a pretty good life till my sister was born. It was just Mom and I since my father left her when I was just five years old. He told Mom he was headed to the newstand around the corner but he never came back. For months Mom looked for him but I guess after a while she just assumed he was dead. <br /><br />Years passed and Mom didn't date much. When she did she'd always come home sad and eat a tub of ice cream and watch Casablanca. Our relationship was pretty solid though. She always made time for me and told me she would always be there anytime I needed her.<br /><br />When I was around 12, Mom began dating again and she was genuinely happy. His name was Timothy. I watched as my once shy Mom became confident and tried new things. I loved Timothy just as much as she did.<br /><br />After two years of dating Timothy popped the question and soon after they were married. A few months later Mom announced that she was pregnant and we were all excited about the new addition to the family. <br /><br />One night on his way home from work, Timothy was shot and robbed of his vehicle. He was announced dead by the time he got to the hospital. Mom and I were devastated. Mom was hospitalized a few days later. She was in her third trimester and the doctors were worried about her and the baby. Aunt Vanessa, Mom's sister, took time from work and stayed with me while Mom was in the hospital. <br /><br />Finally, Mom delivered a healthy baby girl she named Khloe, and was discharged from the hospital. Aunt Vanessa went back home and I thought life would go back to normal.<br /><br />Boy was I wrong! <br /><br />Mom became obsessed with Khloe. She would sit in a chair and watch her sleep, as soon as Khloe cried Mom scooped her up and yes Mom even went to the bathroom with her.<br /><br />I figured ok, maybe Mom hasn't done this in a while and it's just a phase. No it wasn't because two years later Mom was still obsessed! She said that Khloe was her only link to Timothy and she needed to keep his memory alive.{% endraw %}
