---
title: "Prophet Freddy Extortion Scandal: Chief Chikwaka Speak On His Role"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sJ0ySMr9Qso\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sJ0ySMr9Qso"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["LATEST NEWS FROM ZIMBABWE","LIVE STREAMING SPECIALIST"]
date: "2021-11-17T12:07:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-15T12:36:05Z"
duration: "PT36M16S"
viewcount: "18088"
likeCount: "227"
dislikeCount: "13"
channel: "Slymediatv Online Tv Network"
---
{% raw %}Have you got any NEWS for us? please feel free to contacts us via the email.and mobile contacts below<br />Email:slymediastreaming@gmail.com<br />+263775964849 Robert<br />+273714761287 News Line <br />+263773761800 Silvester<br />Follow us on twitter @slymediaprotv. You can also follow us on Facebook as Sly Media Productions or Follow  us on linkedin Sly Media Tv Online.<br /><br /><br />ABOUT   <br /> <br />SlyMedia Tv is an online TV Channel that provides a one stop shop for various content producers that target the consumers from the Zimbabwean african community ,helping them keep in touch with one another, while geographically displaced.<br />This channel offers a variety of quality programs suitable for the<br />entire family. SlyMedia Tv is an Independent TV station designed to suit an ever expanding internet audience. We air original programmes on a video on demand channel (VOD) along with local and national client programming through individual agreements with agencies, independent distributors and programme producers.<br /><br />Equipment: <br />We have state of the art broadcast streaming gear that operates like an OB VAN using four live mixing full HD Broadcast Cameras with character generator that allows us to decorates our TV Screen by inserting partners logos, banners and screen overlays, squeeze backs, titles and scrolls, scoreboards, stopwatches, Virtual Studios, real time clock and video adverts in real-time on the go to all chosen social media platform to suit different customer needs i.e. Facebook and You-Tube. TV productions services provided by experienced broadcasters, Camera Persons, Editors and Reporters<br /><br /> <br />VISION  <br /> <br />SlyMedia Tv aims to make the best use of noncommercial  and commercial media and related services to enhance the quality of life in our african community by encouraging people to consider and discuss  issues explore and share new ideas, and by inspiring a continued sense of worthiness and belonging.<br /> <br />MISSION  <br /><br />Our mission is a movement of positive educational entertainment through online television, comedy, film music of various clean genres and Church Ministering Material that is innovative, creative, informative, fun and entertaining geared for the generation of the day and generations to come, lifting up the spirit of the downhearted. Bringing a message of hope and empowerment, cultivating the spirit of love and to inspire a new Global way of thinking.<br /> <br />Join our Facebook group zimditvnews for Breaking News and Updates also subscribe to our youtube channel zimditvnews zimbabwe diaspora for our news videos archive, follow us on twitter @slymediaprotv. You can also follow us on Facebook as Sly Media Productions and or Follow on linked in Sly Media Tv Online.<br />email: slymediastreaming@gmail.com.{% endraw %}
