---
title: "Alternative facts"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ObTAOvgd_JE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ObTAOvgd_JE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["physiology","nursing","NCLEX"]
date: "2021-11-12T04:09:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-11T21:42:14Z"
duration: "PT27M27S"
viewcount: "62775"
likeCount: "6570"
dislikeCount: "159"
channel: "Dr. John Campbell"
---
{% raw %}Merck, Pfizer COVID-19 Antivirals Different From Ivermectin<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.factcheck.org/2021/10/scicheck-merck-pfizer-covid-19-antivirals-different-from-ivermectin/?fbclid=IwAR2YgSVzorIwnzLmtNfyBUXInsbuEw3bHf6ZVhyDlNtXp11SPL1orXz_bSs">https://www.factcheck.org/2021/10/scicheck-merck-pfizer-covid-19-antivirals-different-from-ivermectin/?fbclid=IwAR2YgSVzorIwnzLmtNfyBUXInsbuEw3bHf6ZVhyDlNtXp11SPL1orXz_bSs</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.factcheck.org/our-staff/">https://www.factcheck.org/our-staff/</a><br /><br />is a journalist<br /><br />is a journalist who has covered government and politics<br /><br />Professor for Communication at University<br /><br />is a journalist who covered the media <br /><br />A journalist<br /><br />is a former assignment editor<br /><br />is a science journalist<br /><br />earned his B.A. in journalism<br /><br />worked as a reporter<br /><br />is a graduate of the Journalism School <br /><br />is a journalist<br /><br />SciCheck Digest<br /><br />The pills are very different from the antiparasitic medication ivermectin, <br /><br />Dubbed PF-07321332, the investigational medication is a protease inhibitor that blocks a key enzyme the SARS-CoV-2 virus needs to replicate itself.<br /><br />Molnupiravir<br /><br />While the results have not been published or peer-reviewed, they were compelling enough for the trial’s independent Data Monitoring Committee to recommend an early halt to recruitment into the study. <br /><br />Food and Drug Administration, an advisory committee to discuss the application on Nov. 30.<br /><br />Molnupiravir is a nucleoside analog — a drug that messes up viral replication by tricking the virus into using the processed medication as one of its building blocks for its genetic code. <br /><br />This is what’s known as “error catastrophe,” using a mechanism called “lethal mutagenesis.”<br /><br />Although both drugs are novel, with news of these developments, people on social media are spreading the false notion that the pills are the same or “suspiciously similar” to ivermectin<br /><br />Some iterations of the claim incorrectly posit that Pfizer’s drug is “based on” ivermectin and that the two are essentially the same because both are protease inhibitors <br /><br />— something that has not been established, and even if true, doesn’t mean the drugs are similar, <br /><br />That paper, (computational modeling paper published by some Indian scientists in March)<br /><br />however, does not show that ivermectin acts as a protease inhibitor against SARS-CoV-2 through any sort of biological experiment — it only proposes the possibility based on computer simulations. <br /><br />Drugs Shown to Inhibit SARS-CoV-2 in COVID-19 <br />Open Access <br /> <br />Disease: Comparative Basic and Clinical Pharmacology of <br />Molnupiravir and Ivermectin <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://austinpublishinggroup.com/pharmacology-therapeutics/fulltext/ajpt-v9-id1149.pdf">https://austinpublishinggroup.com/pharmacology-therapeutics/fulltext/ajpt-v9-id1149.pdf</a><br /><br />It (ivermectin) is being repurposed as a therapeutic agent for COVID-19, after in vitro studies in Vero/hSLAM cells, showed that it caused a 5000-fold inhibition of SARS-CoV-2,<br /> <br />The mechanisms of action of Ivermectin against SARS-CoV-2: An evidence-based clinical review article (Journal of antibiotics)<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://dhakes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/20210615-The-mechanisms-of-action-of-Ivermectin-against-SARS-CoV-2-An-evidence-based-clinical-review-article.pdf">http://dhakes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/20210615-The-mechanisms-of-action-of-Ivermectin-against-SARS-CoV-2-An-evidence-based-clinical-review-article.pdf</a><br /><br />One such enzyme, 3 chymotrypsin-like proteases (3’cl pro/ Mpro) is responsible for working on this polyprotein causing other proteins to “librate” and carry out viral replication. Ivermectin binds to this enzyme and disrupts it.<br /><br />But the same is true of  PF-07321332<br /><br />Exploring the Binding Mechanism of PF-07321332 SARS-CoV-2 Protease Inhibitor through Molecular Dynamics and Binding Free Energy Simulations (20th August 2021)<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34502033/">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34502033/</a><br /><br />The crystal structure of 3CLpro in complex with PF-07321332, lopinavir, and ritonavir is not yet available. Therefore, the docked complex of PF-07321332, lopinavir, and ritonavir with 3CLpro was generated using the Molecular operating environment (MOE) software.<br /><br />FB post<br /><br />“Looks like Merck is repackaging the ‘horse drug’ and making it much more expensive! It will be the ‘new’ treatment for C. in pill form,” <br /><br />The Food and Drug Administration has warned people against self-medicating with easier-to-access formulations of ivermectin for livestock, which are highly concentrated and also may include other ingredients that have not been tested in people. <br /><br />As a result, there is no basis for claiming that either the Pfizer or Merck drugs are similar to ivermectin in any way.<br /><br />Pfizer also denies any connection. “Pfizer’s protease inhibitor is not similar to that of an animal medicine and is not the same mechanism,” a company spokesperson said in an email<br /><br />That post uses the phrase “Pfizermectin,” <br /><br />Editor’s note: SciCheck’s COVID-19/Vaccination Project is made possible by a grant from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. <br /><br />Final fact<br />Fluvoxamine also has 3 fluorine atoms as does PF-07321332{% endraw %}
