---
title: "Jim Jordan And Freedom Caucus Members Directly Implicated In Election Theft Plot"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nefU21jFVkQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nefU21jFVkQ"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2021-12-19T10:24:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-17T15:00:20Z"
duration: "PT5M35S"
viewcount: "62699"
likeCount: "5746"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Republican Representatives Jim Jordan, Louie Gohmert, Andy Biggs, Paul Gosar, and Scott Perry have now all been directly implicated in plots to overturn the results of the 2020 election. All of these Freedom Caucus members need to be expelled from Congress for their actions, but it is unlikely that any of them are going to face any consequences for their actions. Farron Cousins discusses these new revelations.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.nytimes.com/2021/12/15/us/politics/trump-meadows-republicans-congress-jan-6.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2021/12/15/us/politics/trump-meadows-republicans-congress-jan-6.html</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Obviously one of the biggest stories this week, in addition to the text messages, the, the PowerPoints, the communications, all of that Jim Jordan, Republican representative from the state of Ohio admitted that. Yeah, he was, uh, he was one of the people that actively had a plan to overturn. There was results of the 2020 election. Jim Jordan texted Mark Meadows and, and Jordan's office confirmed this Jordan's plan because he came up with one on his own. Didn't wanna rely on everybody else texted his plan to Mark Meadows and quoted Alexander Hamilton, not a quote from the popular mus, but actually from Alexander Hamilton, which was a lot less interesting and tried to convince him that Mike Pence absolutely had the authority to go in front of the, uh, bodies of Congress and throw out whichever electoral college votes he didn't want. And that was Jim Jordan's plan. The next day on Thursday, the Jim Jordan stuff was confirmed on Wednesday. <br /><br />Then on Thursday, the New York times comes out with a major story telling us, Hey, it wasn't just Jim Jordan. It was other members of the freedom caucus as well. Paul Gosar, Andy bigs, Scott Perry, Mo Brooks, Louie Gomer, essentially the usual suspects, right? The people that you would obviously assume would be doing this and their plan together, cuz they also had a plan to overturn the election, was to reach out and use a little bit of force if they needed to, to get Republican governors, specifically Doug Ducey, over in Arizona to throw out the results and just go ahead and send the pro-Trump electors to Congress, you know, because of all the fraud. And that was the big thing they were trying to push all the fraud out there. Oh, we gotta do something. You gotta throw out your state's votes and just send your Trump people because all the fraud and they also had a plan. <br /><br />And this is, this is really the more kind of disturbing part of this. They said, if we can't get the department of justice to go along with this, we need Trump to fire them and replace them with people who will, because what had happened prior to that was Donald Trump was giving out the phone number of uh, uh, uh, uh, Richard Donahue, who was a top justice department official and Donahue was receiving phone calls left and right from Trump allies telling him they know about fraud, oh, we've got this fraud over here because of course, as we've talked about in the past, Donahue was one of the people at the DOJ who said, this is total BS. This isn't real. There's no fraud. We've looked at it. We can't find it. It doesn't exist. So Trump had all of his people, all these people have mentioned Gosar go Gomer, uh, uh, uh, bigs, Jordan Perry, all the rest of them calling Donahue, telling him, oh, I've got evidence of fraud. <br /><br />Oh, we found it over here. You've gotta investigate it. You can't elect, uh, let the election be certified. So their plan was all right. If Donna, Hughes's not gonna go along with this because he wasn't, you know, if bill BARR doesn't go along with this fire, these people get rid of them. And of course, bill BARR ended up resigning and we'll replace them with people. You will, Donald. You're gonna replace them with people who will say that there was fraud everywhere and the results can't be trusted each and every one of these men that I have listed with the exception, obviously of Donahue needs to be expelled from Congress. I don't want 'em censored. I don't want 'em kicked off of their committees. I want them booted from office and then charged with treason or sedition. I guess it would be that that's what that's what needs to happen. That's what, this is the freedom caucus of which all these people are. Members is not a freedom caucus at all. It's a ion caucus and that's what we should be referring to it. As these people actively were attempting to overthrow the dually elected government of the United States. Even if they hadn't been sworn in yet, they were attempting to for throw the election of 2020 and therefore every single one of them should be kicked out of office and charged with sedition. There is nothing short of that.{% endraw %}
