---
title: "528 Hz The Love Frequency ✧ Heal The Past & Manifest Abundance, Love and Harmony"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_RYTOgmbB5g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_RYTOgmbB5g"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["528 hz","528 hz meditation music","528 hz healing music"]
date: "2021-10-14T14:52:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-24T19:53:03Z"
duration: "PT8H8M8S"
viewcount: "1311752"
likeCount: "23047"
dislikeCount: "586"
channel: "Self-Healing Collective"
---
{% raw %}Welcome, Beloved Soul. We proudly present this 528 Hz love frequency music to assist our listeners in manifesting abundance, love, peacefulness, and harmony into their lives. This miracle tone will clear away old fear and negative blockages. While listening, remember that love comes in many forms. Visualize, pray, or meditate on what kind of love you wish to attract into your life. Have faith that everything will come to you in perfect divine timing.<br />This content was created for meditation, manifestation, prayer, sleep, or any healing rituals. <br /><br />Allow love, openness, and faith to spread its roots in your heart. Consciously practice positive affirmations and visualization. Fully believe that you are worthy of love. Know that what you are searching for is also searching for you. Have faith that what you need and desire will come to you in perfect divine timing. <br /><br />In your own way open up to a spiritual connection, meditate with God, Return To Oneness, and manifest miracles into your life with intention and faith. Shine your light, be love. Gratitude is powerful in manifesting our vision into reality. You are a magnificent light, waste no more time, shine Dear Soul. Be clear on your intentions. Let the flower of your spirit bloom. You are worthy of greatness. You are loved eternally.<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />The Solfeggio frequencies make up an ancient 6-tone audio scale that is said to date back to biblical times and carry divine-like properties. In recent times, each frequency has been found to carry a specific set of healing, wellbeing and spiritual benefits that it affords the listener.<br /><br />These include DNA repair, relief from past traumas and opening the soul to spiritual experiences.<br /><br />We tune all of our music in the miracle tone, 528 Hz. <br /><br />528 Hz (Mi) – Transforming Miracles (DNA Repair)<br /><br />528 HZ, also known as the miracle tone, is the frequency that is thought to help return human DNA to its original state, removing impurities.<br />By repairing your DNA, you’re not only enhancing your life energy, but your mindset improves. You can expect to attain greater mental clarity, a heightened sense of awareness, and deep inner peace.<br /><br />Related to the chakra of the solar plexus, opening this chakra allows you to feel confident in yourself, greater self-worth and love, and be in control of your life.<br /><br />🌸 Learn more about the healing Solfeggio frequencies🌸 <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://selfhealingcollective.com/hea...">https://selfhealingcollective.com/hea...</a><br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />DOWNLOAD MUSIC: <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://selfhealingcollective.com/aud...">https://selfhealingcollective.com/aud...</a><br /><br />RETURN TO ONENESS CLOTHING STORE: <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://selfhealingcollective.com/shop/">https://selfhealingcollective.com/shop/</a><br /><br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Read More: <br /><br />INFO ON PRAYER: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://selfhealingcollective.com/pra...">https://selfhealingcollective.com/pra...</a><br /><br />INFO ON MEDITATION: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://selfhealingcollective.com/med...">https://selfhealingcollective.com/med...</a><br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />WHO ARE WE?<br /><br />We at Self- Healing Collective have a deep passion for music, spirituality, prayer, mindfulness, nature, healing, and creativity. We wish to inspire and create a peaceful and safe space here on Youtube for self- healing, spiritual growth, prayer, meditation, and divine connection through our music and visual content.<br /><br />What we wish for you: <br />Inner peace, healing, positive growth, purpose,  understanding, and connections.<br /><br />What we believe in: <br />The love of God, Power of the mind, spirituality, growth, oneness, meditation, wisdom.<br /><br />What we stand for: <br />Empowerment through self-healing and that all of us have great power within.<br /><br />What we support: <br />Everything that promotes health, personal, physical, and spiritual growth.<br /><br />What we care about: <br />The evolution of our people and the direction we are going collectively as a species. We wish to assist the earth in raising the collective vibration. We care about and love the planet that is our home.<br /><br />We support you on your path of self-discovery and growth.<br /><br />Our spirit greets yours.<br /><br />Infinite love to all,<br /><br />Alexander, Christine &amp; Hanne{% endraw %}
