---
title: "Fox Host's Brother Suggests She Should Be Subpoenaed By January 6th Committee"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qz5livlBWtM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qz5livlBWtM"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2021-12-16T03:29:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-15T16:00:27Z"
duration: "PT6M57S"
viewcount: "63395"
likeCount: "5826"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Fox News host Laura Ingraham has at least one person that might be turning on her that she probably didn't expect: Her own brother. Ingraham's brother Curtis took to Twitter this week to suggest that it might be time to bring his sister in for questioning in front of the Select Committee after it was revealed that she was texting the White House during the insurrection - then attempted to blame Antifa during her broadcast that evening. Farron Cousins explains what this means.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rawstory.com/laura-ingraham-brother-jan-6/">https://www.rawstory.com/laura-ingraham-brother-jan-6/</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />So earlier today, I talked about Donald Trump Jr's text messages to Mark Meadows, begging him to beg his dad, cuz Trump Jr was too scared to do it, to stop the insurrection, to come out, issue a strong statement. But as we all know, junior, wasn't the only one texting Meadows. Brian killed from Fox and friends, Sean handed. Did he, uh, Sean Han T excuse me, I don't know how that came out that way, but anyway, Sean Han he's texted him. And of course, Laura Ingram from Fox news was also texting Mark Meadows, trying to get him to get Trump, to stop the insurrection. But it was the Ingram texts that stood out the most to me because she accidentally laid bear. Why Republicans were so terrified of what was happening. Here's what she, uh, texted. Trump needs to tell people in the Capitol to go home. This is hurting all of us. <br /><br />He is destroying his legacy. That was the text that Laura Ingram from Fox news sent to Mark Meadows. Then chief of staff to Donald J. Trump, who then was the press incident during the insurrection. But it wasn't because Laura Ingram was worried about the damage. These people were gonna cause you know, Hey, for once they weren't worried about property damage, right? Even though they were breaking windows, they were stealing things out of the capital. No only if you steal things from Walgreens to Republic, actually care about it and think it's a felony offense that should lock you away for the rest of your life. Do it in the capital. And they think, oh my God, my legacy, uh, the Republican party is never gonna recover from this. That's what they were worried about. They knew the optics of that day would kill the Republican party as it should have it hasn't, that's unfortunate. <br /><br />That's unfair, but it hasn't. But she was afraid that it would, she was afraid that that would be the last thing we remember from the Trump administration. And it is, it needs to be, I think far too many people had moved on. I think all these new revelations in the last we week and a half of kind of bringing people back into this realizing how serious it was, how deeply embedded in the white house itself it was. And one of those people is a man named Curtis Ingram who happens to be Laura Ingram's brother. And on Twitter, after it was revealed that his sister was one of the individuals texting mark Mead, understanding how horrible that day was, has now suggested via Twitter, that maybe it's time for her to be subpoenaed by the January 6th select committee. This is what Curtis tweeted out. I'm not at all surprised by this revelation. <br /><br />Is it time for the January 6th committee to bring my sister in for questioning? You also went ahead and Laura, in that tweet, you know, healthy little sibling relationship there, Curtis is right though. 100% that we, we need to call Laura Erman, uh, subpoena her, get her phone records as well. See who else she was texting. Maybe she had other contacts in the white house that stands the reason she would have. So let's get our hands on those records, right? Let's bring her in for questioning. This is a scandal. God bless it. This is a conspiracy at this point, not one of the fake theories, but I mean for real look at all of the players involved in all of this folks, we've got the conservative media, we've got the white house itself, we've got the rally organizers. We've got all of these other groups that are there. <br /><br />Part of this, planning, it working with one another. We need so many more answers than I think honestly we're ever going to really get because of the obstruction. And of course, we also have that, you know, daunting fear. That's looming less than a year away that if Republicans take back the house, they're gonna kill the committee. The committee's work will be done for the record. That's one of the reasons all these people are trying to challenge these subpoenas and whatnot in court is so they play the long game. Maybe wait it out, see if Republicans take over then boom, committee's gone. Nothing we can do about it, which is also for the record, why we need to appoint a special prosecutor.{% endraw %}
