---
title: "10 Cannibal Tribes That Still Exist"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/c5riGST2gsw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "c5riGST2gsw"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["top","50m","education"]
date: "2021-11-06T08:39:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-06T00:52:30Z"
duration: "PT10M11S"
viewcount: "1431"
likeCount: "140"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "50M Videos"
---
{% raw %}10 Cannibal Tribes That Still Exist<br /><br />50M Videos is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #50MVideos<br /><br /><br />10 Cannibal Tribes That Still Exist  <br /><br />Have you heard of a Chinese man eating human fetuses or a mother who served her children their dead father as dinner? <br />In addition to these individual acts of cannibalism, there are tribes that eat human flesh to get power and one eats them to become invisible isn’t it extremely irrational, gross yet peculiarly interesting, here are 10 cannibal tribes that still exist. <br /><br />Number 10:The korowais of Indonesian New Guinea <br />One of the best known and world famous cannibals in the world, korowais are the most brutal rolling stones of eating people deep in the jungles of west papua. Their lifestyle is exactly the same as that of their ancestors 10,000 years ago, as if the people kept being replaced by generations without a crumb of evolution in the tribe. <br />These people do not understand microbes and germs so if someone dies by falling out of tree house or killed in battle, that's fine for them because the reason of death is quite visible but if someone dies mysteriously to them of a disease that they can’t see, they believe it is due to a khakhua, a witch man who comes from the netherworld and possesses the body of a man to eat it from inside. <br />To take their revenge, korowai start eating the man from the outside to eat the khakhua.  It is part of their revenge based justice system.<br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qRXwwZWEYkU">https://youtu.be/qRXwwZWEYkU</a> <br /><br /><br />Number 9:<br />The wari’ people of brazil <br />Hands down to the most interesting burial technique and most gruesome cannibalism in the world. The Wari' also nicknamed as Pakaa Nova, are the indigenous people of Brazil, and if you're hanging out with them there is a fairly fat chance of you eating at least one dead person during your stay. The practice called endocannibalism means eating the members of one's own tribe after they die. It is a death ritual that involves leaving the dead body out on a field for as long as all the members of the deceased’s family come. In the meantime, the body begins to bloat and decompose. The present family members try to save the body from birds and upon the family's arrival, the whole family feast on the heart and internal organs of the body, leaving the skin and hair to rot.<br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/BreEms4m_6U">https://youtu.be/BreEms4m_6U</a> <br /><br />Number 8:<br />The leopard society of West Africa <br />Known to dress themselves in leopard skins, this cannibalistic group of west africa is known to the world as &quot;The Leopard Society&quot;. They attack unsuspecting travelers with homemade knives and swords and since they are cannibalistic, I think you can imagine what part would come next… <br />If you have guessed that they open up their victim and munch on them, you guessed it right. They believe that eating raw human flesh strengthens their tribe. The group has gone underground completely at the beginning of the 21st century, but that doesn't mean they are not out there waiting for their next victim across Sierra Leone. <br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ZqBSj5ULq3k">https://youtu.be/ZqBSj5ULq3k</a> <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/V-BulHtz0Uo?t=17">https://youtu.be/V-BulHtz0Uo?t=17</a> <br /><br /><br /><br />Number 7:<br /><br />Aghori monks of India <br />Among all modern cannibals, the most dangerous are the ones whose culture has not evolved along with the rest of the society. Varanasi is the home of the aghori monks, a group of cannibals, which resides in Northern India and is still a mystery to the rest of the world. Various myths surround these monks and locals believe that they have special powers of predicting the future, walking on water and evil prophecies. <br />The Aghori believe that in order to reach enlightenment, they have to immerse themselves in activities that other people deem as taboo or disturbing. They spend their life chewing the heads off live animals, dabbing ash from burnt corpses on their bodies, meditating on top of corpses, and eating raw human flesh. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/4hiKDMsIHn8">https://youtu.be/4hiKDMsIHn8</a>  <br />They do things that make no sense to normal humans, like this monk got angry with a news reporter and he attacked him with his urine. He literally cupped his pee in its hand and threw them on those reporters. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/vO7Hf1rQWzM">https://youtu.be/vO7Hf1rQWzM</a> <br /><br /><br />Number 6:<br />The Amahuacas of peru <br />This tribe of cannibalism believes that you must eat the body to preserve your soul and don’t for a second think that missionary christians have not travelled deep in the jungles to convert this cannibalistic tribe to Christianity. The efforts have alway backfired, causing the missionaries to be eaten by the amahuaca. I will tell you their psyche; look if your friend dies, where would you like to keep it, warm inside yourself or beneath the cold ground? These people believe that once a person has died, they should consume them to keep them inside of a warm friend rather than the cold ground. Simple yet gross…{% endraw %}
