---
title: "How to balance your masculine and feminine energy | Sheila Kelley"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LFCZgow7TKY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LFCZgow7TKY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["love your body","how to love your body","love with your body"]
date: "2021-12-11T11:20:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-10T14:30:13Z"
duration: "PT18M1S"
viewcount: "3363"
likeCount: "159"
dislikeCount: "9"
channel: "Mindvalley Talks"
---
{% raw %}Check out Vishen's FREE Masterclass for ultimate self-evolution (and find out how you too can participate in calls with special guests like Sheila Kelley with Mindvalley Membership) 👉  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://go.mindvalley.com/vCYmmHtN">https://go.mindvalley.com/vCYmmHtN</a><br /><br />How to embrace your 5 feminine superpowers...<br /><br />It doesn’t matter if you are a man or a woman; Sheila Kelley wants to empower you to tune back into your body and unleash your feminine strength. <br /><br />This informative conversation she has with Vishen will inspire you to tune into your hidden powers for more authenticity and freedom.<br /><br />Watch the full video to discover the five feminine abilities within you. ☝<br /><br />About Sheila Kelley<br /><br />Sheila Kelley is an American actress known for her roles as Gwen Taylor on L.A. Law, Dr. Charlotte &quot;Charley&quot; Bennett Hayes on Sisters, and Debbie Wexler on The Good Doctor. In around the year 2000, Sheila was asked to star in a movie about strip dancing. The film was called Dancing at the Blue Iguana, and it was a really popular movie with Daryl Hannah. During that time, Sheila had to study the role of being a pole dancer, and that is when she found her passion for this art form. Today Sheila has founded an organization called S Factor: Feminine Movement, where she introduces thousands of women to the beauty and the transformational act of movement and dance.<br /><br />About Vishen Lakhiani: <br /><br />✅Vishen Lakhiani is the Founder of Mindvalley, an award-winning education movement with millions of students worldwide and growing fast. Through Mindvalley, Vishen has spent over 15 years reimagining the human experience -- to explore the science of helping humans reach their fullest potential.<br /><br />✅As the hands-on CEO of Mindvalley, Vishen has created Mindvalley Quests, A-Fest, and Mindvalley University, which help shape lives in the personal transformation field.<br /><br />✅He has led Mindvalley to enter and train Fortune 500 companies, governments, and millions of people worldwide to live their most extraordinary lives. Vishen’s work in personal growth also extends to the public sector as a speaker and activist working to evolve the core systems that influence our lives - including education, work culture, politics, and wellbeing.<br /><br />✅Vishen is also the New York Times Bestselling author of The Code of the Extraordinary Mind and The Buddha and The Badass, both of which reveal how to think like some of the greatest non-conformist minds of our era and create new rules for life AND work so you define success on your own terms.<br /><br />🔥 Discover how you can join Mindvalley membership today and get live access to Vishen Lakhiani's Zoom calls by watching his FREE Masterclass 👉  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://go.mindvalley.com/vCYmmHtN">https://go.mindvalley.com/vCYmmHtN</a><br /><br />——<br /><br />🎉 NEW VIDEOS OUT EVERY WEEK 🎉<br /><br />#EroticSelf #SheilaKelly #Subscribe{% endraw %}
