---
title: "7 Most Powerful Ways To Become a Higher Vibrational YOU PERMANENTLY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/b8CqLU7SMPk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "b8CqLU7SMPk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["7 Powerful Ways To Become a Higher Vibrational YOU PERMANENTLY","Aaron Doughty","successful habits"]
date: "2021-10-08T21:58:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-08T17:30:03Z"
duration: "PT27M30S"
viewcount: "1503"
likeCount: "295"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Aaron Doughty"
---
{% raw %}these 7 techniques will help you create a permanent shift in vibration and energy. Join the Magnetic Love Challenge to heal and release love blocks so that you attract love easily into your life! Join here: ➡️ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.AaronDoughty.com/Love">http://www.AaronDoughty.com/Love</a><br /><br />To join my high vibe tribe text me @ +1 (424) 304-0104 and I'll send you my top epiphanies , insights and books I'm currently reading! or click here ➡️  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://my.community.com/aarondoughty">https://my.community.com/aarondoughty</a> <br /><br />Go FULL Time Doing What You LOVE &amp; Create A Life Of Freedom, Abundance, &amp; IMPACT here: ➡️ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.FullTimePurpose.com">https://www.FullTimePurpose.com</a><br /><br />Find out your vibration and receive a personalized meditation that will help you raise your level of consciousness: ➡️ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.WhatsMyVibration.com">https://www.WhatsMyVibration.com</a><br /><br />00:00 Intro<br />00:41 Becoming your highest self<br />03:13 How you think, feel and act creates your reality<br />07:32 Jumping into the unknown<br />10:06 Making the choice to become your new self<br />14:53 Setting boundaries to protect your vision<br />17:47 Shifting into your higher vibration<br />21:18 Beliefs and stories that holds us back<br />24:31 The fear of &quot;I'm not enough&quot;<br /><br />If you're seeing this video, then I believe it is time for you to really step into the highest vibrational version of you. And I believe that at the end of this video, you'll be so convinced that it's time that you do that and you'll have the exact tools and techniques that you can apply in your life to do so that when you look back six months or a year from now, you'll see that this is the video that planted the seed for your transformation.<br /><br />So watch to the end of this video because I believe it's no accident that you're here. It's time and in this video, I'm gonna show you exactly what to do.<br /><br />Welcome back to another video. My name is Aaron and I help people expand their consciousness. Now, on this video, I'm gonna be sharing with you the seven most powerful ways, I've gone about becoming the most high vibrational version of myself permanently.<br /><br />And how you can stay in what is called quote, &quot;High vibration&quot;. And over the last six months especially, my life has transformed a lot. I have moved from Sedona to Austin, Texas. I moved into this house, which I've purchased.<br /><br />I am now gonna be Airbnbing this house, I'm moving into a different house that's more in nature in Austin, Texas as well. And I'm moving into a new phase of my life of doing live events and really branching outside of the comfortable zone that has been me for the last three years that I've been making YouTube videos. And I'm using the same techniques that I used back in 2017 to go full-time on YouTube, to become that higher vibrational version of me.<br /><br />I'm using the same techniques then to now recreate myself to be this higher vibrational version of me. That it's like an identity shift that changes my whole entire life. And I've seen thousands of people go through their own shifts in the way they viewed themselves.<br /><br />And there are certain patterns that I've recognized that change just about everything. Now the first thing I wanna do is, I wanna share a little bit about vibration in general. I know it's this esoteric woo-woo term but think of vibration as a combination of how you think, feel and act. <br /><br />So think, feel and act are the ingredients that go into your vibration. Now, you'll notice that<br />your vibration right meow, is that of you thinking, feeling and acting to the reality you are currently in.<br /><br />So think about it, if you are working a nine to five job, you're probably thinking thoughts <br />that are equal to that nine to five job, even if you don't like it. I used to go to work everyday and I would complain to other coworkers about how slow it was 'cause I worked in a sales job at Barneys, New York in women's shoes. And it was hardly customers coming in, especially towards the last like two years.<br /><br />So my thoughts were equal to that. I would feel resistant or I wouldn't feel very passionate about it and I was only taking action. I wasn't making YouTube videos. I'm not a YouTuber. I'm just a nine to five job goer. My thoughts, my feelings and my actions were equal to that version of me.<br /><br />Well, for me to bridge permanently into a new version of me, I had to have a new sense of who I am. So I then had to be honest with myself. I am thinking, acting and feeling equal to this reality. And this reality is not what I want but it is comfortable and it is safe. So then, what I did is I started to see and look at the vision. There's a quote that I saw in a movie recently.<br /><br />It's a Marvel movie that I saw with my friend and his kids called Ching-Li or something. And there's a quote in there that one of these archery masters shares with this one character and says, &quot;If you aim at nothing, you will get nothing.&quot;<br /><br />And it's very true. If there's no goal and you are just thinking, feeling and acting equal<br />to the reality you're in and you don't have a vision or a new model for what you could be, then that stays very comfortable.{% endraw %}
