---
title: "Iran: Khamenei warns neighbouring countries against relying on \"outsiders\" in Tehran address"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4Ehzvmh5gIw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4Ehzvmh5gIw"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Tehran","Khamenei","Iran"]
date: "2021-10-06T23:19:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-03T17:30:24Z"
duration: "PT3M33S"
viewcount: "7198"
likeCount: "162"
dislikeCount: "34"
channel: "Ruptly"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe to our channel! rupt.ly/subscribe<br /><br />Iran's Supreme Leader and the commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, attended the graduation ceremony for the cadets of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Armed Forces in Tehran through a virtual conference on Sunday. <br />Khamenei highlighted recent differences between world powers and the recent withdrawal of the US troops from Afghanistan, &quot;The [regional] countries think that they can ensure their security under the delusion of relying on others,&quot; and &quot;One of the most catastrophic disasters for the countries of the world is that outsiders interfere in their security issues and plan and intervene in their war and peace.” <br />The Supreme Leader stressed the need to settle issues without the intervention of foreign countries. <br />&quot;The armies of the nations of the region themselves can control the region. And you should not let others infiltrate. These incidents that are taking place in the northwest of our country, in some neighbouring countries, are also things that should be solved with the same logic.&quot; <br />Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the ceremony was held with a reduced number of participants.<br /><br />SOT, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, Iranian Supreme Leader and commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces (Farsi): “The [regional] countries think that they can ensure their own security under the delusion of relying on others and by relying on others. They should know that they will be slapped soon. One of the most catastrophic disasters for the countries of the world is that outsiders interfere in their security issues and plan and intervene in their war and peace.” <br /><br />SOT, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, Iranian Supreme Leader and commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces (Fasrsi): “The US military entered our neighboring country, Afghanistan, to overthrow the Taliban dominion. They stayed in this country for 20 years and killed [people] and committed crimes and occupied [the lands] and promoted narcotic drugs and destroyed the limited infrastructure of this country. Twenty years later, they handed over power to the Taliban and withdrew. That is, they came to overthrow the Taliban, they remained in this country for twenty years with this situation and they committed so many crimes and they caused so many losses and material and human costs, and finally, they left the government for the Taliban and returned [to the US] and left the country [Afghanistan]. This means that there is no essential and vital element in this army.” <br /><br />SOT, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, Iranian Supreme Leader and commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces (Farsi): “These Hollywood images that countries like the United States and countries like the US show from their armies are not true.”<br /><br />SOT, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, Iranian Supreme Leader and the commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces (Farsi): “The armies of the nations of the region themselves can control the region. And you should not let others infiltrate. These incidents that are taking place in the northwest of our country, in some neighboring countries, are also things that should be solved with the same logic.” <br /><br />SOT, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, Iranian Supreme Leader and the commander-in-chief of the Iranian Armed Forces (Farsi): “Of course, our country and our armed forces act rationally in all matters. [Our] method is the method of rationality, authority together with rationality. And it is good for others to act rationally and do not let this region get in trouble. Those who dig pits for their brothers will fall into it before others.<br /><br />#Iran #Tehran #Khamenei<br />    Video ID: 20211003-031<br /><br />    Video on Demand: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ruptly.tv/videos/20211003-031">https://ruptly.tv/videos/20211003-031</a><br />    Contact: cd@ruptly.tv    <br /><br />    Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/Ruptly">http://twitter.com/Ruptly</a><br />    Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.facebook.com/Ruptly">http://www.facebook.com/Ruptly</a>{% endraw %}
